 day, everyone, and welcome to this Apple Incorporated second quarter year 2017 earnings conference call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would to turn the call to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. first today is Apple Tim Cook, and he'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income taxes, business outlook, and plans capital debt issuance. For more information, refer to the risk discussed in Apple's Form for 2016, Form 10-Q the first quarter 2017, the Form 8-K with the SEC along with the associated press release. we are reporting strong March quarter results, with accelerating revenue growth and earnings per share up 10% over year. Global revenue was 5% year on year, with growth accelerating from our quarter performance. despite a $1 billion year-over-year revenue headwind from foreign exchange in the March and a larger iPhone channel inventory reduction this year versus last. iPhone sales were line in line our expectations, and we're thrilled to see the strong demand for iPhone 7 Plus its beautiful large display and dual-camera system. active installed base of iPhones grew by double digits year over year. And on the latest data from IDC, we market share in nearly country we track. in the we released the stunning (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition versions of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in recognition years our with RED. This relationship given our customers an unprecedented to contribute to the fund and bring the world step to an AIDS-free generation. We've seen wonderful customer response to these eye-popping new iPhones. For the second quarter in a Services revenue $7 billion, it's well on the way to the size of a Fortune company. We're happy to see the deep of customer engagement with the Apple all of our services. App Store momentum terrific, with revenue growing 40% year over year to all-time quarterly record. The developers offering apps for sale on our store was 26% last year, and we're thrilled to see their. We saw double-digit growth from Apple Music subscriptions and storage and overall very growth the total number paid subscriptions for our own services and the third-party content we offer on our. the of Taiwan and Ireland in the March quarter, Apple Pay is now live in with more than million including more than 4.5 locations accepting Apple Pay in the alone. We're seeing strong usage as points of acceptance expand, with transaction volume up 450% over the last 12 months. UK, for example, points of acceptance have grown by 44% the last year, while monthly Apple Pay transactions have grown by 300%. And we're always excited to see our bring their new ways to use Apple Pay. You can send a Starbucks gift card via iMessage with just a touch. fact, one point during the Super Bowl in February, were sending 380,000 Messages per more than double the previous year. A few weeks ago, we Clips, a new app that's great example of how we're continually even more engaging, and it's to a great start. With Clips, it's fun and easy combine video, photos, and on an iPhone an iPad into great-looking expressive videos with great visual effects and titles just your voice, share your clips with friends through the Messages or social media. Revenue grew 14% a new March quarter record and gained market share thanks to strong demand for. Our Mac business generated over $25 billion in revenue over the past four. our most popular sized iPad with brighter Retina display best-in-class performance at price ever, and customer response to date been very. iPad results were ahead our expectations, and we believe we share during March quarter in number major markets, the U.S., Japan, and Australia. iPad the world's most popular tablet, and it's the computing device for millions of customers the globe. on the momentum from the holiday quarter, Apple Watch nearly doubled over year. Apple Watch is best-selling and loved smartwatch the world, and we wonderful stories our customers about its impact on and health. We're also seeing great response to AirPods, with a 98% customer Strategy survey. significantly exceeds supply, and growth in Beats products has also been very strong. In fact, when we combine Apple and Beats headphones, our revenue from wearable products in last four quarters was size of Fortune 500 company. In Greater we were very pleased see strong double-digit revenue growth from both Mac the March quarter. We also had great results from our retail stores in mainland China, with total store revenue up 27% over last and comp store revenue up. Our March results were line with expectations, and similar to year-over-year performance we experienced in the December. We set a new March quarter record for India, where revenue grew by strong double. We continue to strengthen our local presence across the optimistic about our in this country with its very large, young, and population, fast-growing economy, improving 4G network. Apple Retail is entering an exciting chapter with new experiences for customers breathtaking new store designs. Apple Dubai Mall is a truly international store, with employees who speak 45 languages, and are already customers from around the world. As Luca will in a today we're providing an update to our capital return program. strong confidence in future, we're increasing the program size by billion, bringing the total to $300 and we're extending timeframe through March 2019. We're adding to our share repurchase authorization and increasing our for the fifth time in than five years. look forward to helping them learn breakthrough technologies across all four of our software iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS – enable aspect customers' lives and improve the way they manage homes, cars, health,. innovative products and success of our business, we're incredibly proud to support more than 2 all states, and expect to create more. Last year, we spent more than billion in the United States with American suppliers, developers, partners, and we continue to invest in our future. details the March quarter results, I'd like to the call over to Luca. Revenue for the March quarter $52.9 billion, and we double-digit growth in the Canada, Australia, Germany, Netherlands, Turkey, and Mexico. Our growth rates were even higher, over 20% in many markets, including Brazil, Scandinavia, the Central Eastern Europe, India, Korea and. That's a sequential increase from 38.5% in the December quarter, which is particularly impressive given the seasonal loss leverage, sequential foreign of 100 points, and cost pressures on certain. Operating margin 26.7% of revenue and net income $11 billion. Diluted earnings per share $2.10, an increase of 10% over last year, and cash flow operations strong at $12.5 billion. sold 50.8 million and we reduced iPhone channel inventory 1.2 million units in the quarter, compared to a of about 450,000 a year. our iPhone performance was slightly better than last year on a basis. We had very solid iPhone growth in four our five operating segments and experienced especially results in Western the Middle East, and our Rest of Asia-Pacific segment, all areas the world iPhone sales were double. iPhone ASP was $655, up from $642 a year ago, thanks to a strong mix Plus and exchange rates. We exited the March quarter within our to seven-week target inventory. Customer interest and satisfaction iPhone are very strong, not only with consumers but also with business users. the U.S., the latest data from 451 Research on consumers indicates a 96% customer rating among iPhone 7 owners and 98% iPhone Plus. And of those planning to purchase smartphones the June quarter, 79% plan. Turning to Services, we $7 billion revenue, an increase of 18% year over and our best results ever a 13-week. happy with the level of especially given the tough compare to last as the busy week between Christmas Year's the March fiscal quarter a ago but was included in the fiscal quarter this year. we said last our goal is to double size our Services business 2020. App Store established a new all-time revenue record and grew 40% year over year. We to see growth average revenue per paying account number of paying accounts across our content stores during the. In quarterly increase in the number of paying accounts the largest that ever experienced. And according App Annie's latest report, the Store continues to be the preferred destination customer purchases, generating twice the of Google Play during the March quarter. Revenue was up 14% year over year and set a new March record. We sold 4.2 million Macs, up 4% last year, compared to zero growth in the PC market according to IDC's latest. Demand for Pro was strong, helping to drive overall portables growth of twice of the portables market. We ended the quarter at the low end four to five-week range for channel. Turning iPad, we sold 8.9 million which was our expectations despite supply throughout the. We are very to see iPad growth in U.S. during the March quarter and revenue worldwide for 9.7-inch and larger iPads over the. iPad channel inventory was essentially from beginning the end of the quarter, we exited below our five to seven-week target range. from NPD indicates that iPad 81% share of the U.S. for tablets priced above $200. Corporate buyers a 96% satisfaction rate and a purchase intent of 68% for the June quarter. All our continue to be extremely popular and drive transformation in the market. a new revenue record for the quarter, we expect this to continue for the remainder of the. Recently, Volkswagen selected iPhone as their standard smartphone, so around world have the to enjoy the mobile experience that iPhone. And Capital One has reimagined the customer experience by empowering their associates with Mac and Apple Watch and over native iOS applications now running nearly 30,000 iPhones and iPads. The Deloitte partnership is off a great start, with more than 115 customer opportunities in 15 different industries. SAP the SAP Cloud Platform SDK for iOS at the of March, and over 3 million SAP developers now have means to develop powerful iOS-native apps the enterprise. The partnership with Cisco enables optimized performance of iOS devices over their networks and is generating a and growing of sales opportunities across multiple verticals, including healthcare and financial services. And our partnership with IBM continues to drive greater productivity and innovation, with IBM Mobile First for iOS apps now more than 3,300 engagements. Our retail and online stores produced results, with strong revenue growth in all our geographic segments and 18% growth. Visitors to retail and online stores were 16% over last year, and we four new stores during March quarter. We ended the quarter with $256.8 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase $10.8. We over $10 billion to investors during the. We paid $3 billion in dividends and equivalents, and we spent $4 billion on of 31.1 million Apple through open market. We also launched a new $3 billion ASR, resulting in initial delivery and retirement of 17.5. All activities contributed to a net diluted share count reduction of 66.3 million shares in quarter. We have now completed $211.2 billion of our $250 billion capital program, including $151 billion share. As Tim mentioned, today we're announcing an update to our program, by four quarters of 2019, increasing in to total of $300 billion. Once again, given our strong in Apple's and the we in our we allocating the majority of the program to share repurchases. In addition, we're raising our dividend for the fifth time less than five years. With over $12 billion in annual dividend payments, we're to be of the largest dividend in and we continue to plan for annual dividend increases going forward. In total, with updated program, during next eight we to $89 billion to our investors, which about 12% of market cap at current stock price. We expect to continue to fund our capital return program with current U.S. cash, future U.S. cash generation and borrowing both domestic and international debt. We will to review capital allocation taking into the needs of our business, investment opportunities, and our. move ahead the June quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, includes types forward-looking information that Nancy referred to the beginning of call. How were able to gross margins sequentially and guide rather for the June quarter in light of what's going on in market. me with performance for the quarter, which were very with. And this in spite of fact, as know, that we leverage as go from December quarter to the March quarter. And the fact that Services mix increases as we go through the is course also given the profile of gross margin Services. As we into the June as you we tend to have some level margin compression we from the March to the quarter. We also have a different mix products as we into the quarter, and the cost pressures on. don't guide past the quarter, we expect it be there for time being. a follow-up for Tim, as you noted in remarks, the 7 Plus demand, it's selling well. And this a product that was supply-constrained in quarter. one of the things that we not get the mix between the 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. And so took us a little while to adjust all the way back the chain and to iPhone 7 Plus into which early past quarter. you a bit about what's going on China and give us some more color, especially as you're going the year?. then obviously you won't talk about the next product launch, but just are there any in demand with China down 14%?. if look at what was driving that, iPhone 7 we sold the number of Plus models the half ever before, compared 6s compared to 6 Plus. The Mac revenue was up 20% in China, and had extremely strong Services growth the quarter in China. As I mentioned in my comments, our retail and online did overall and China. They grew 21%, which is acceleration from what seen in the previous. – which for is incredibly important in the retail stores because do a lot more than sell – up 27% year on year. Also, where the 7 Plus did well, we didn't perform on some of the previous generation iPhones. What I now believe is that we'll improve a bit more during this current quarter, not back to growth, but make progress. You increased your program, you still have I think $160 cash obviously continue generate cash. Shannon, you know we our capital program. Essentially the last five years, way we've run the company essentially return free cash flow our investors. that announcing today reflects the current tax legislation in this country, there's a lot that needs to happen there, we'll see. wanted to start off going back to 165 million subscriptions and ask Tim or Luca if could comment unique number of users. made a comment, Tim, in your prepared remarks that the average per user was up, or maybe Luca. There is some level overlap, but the total number of subscribers is very large, obviously less million. And if remember, quoted the same number a quarter and talked 150 million. So when think about sequential increase 15 million subscriptions the to the quarter, it really you a sense for momentum that we content. look at the that are happening on our content particularly on the App which is the largest, we fairly consistently things. increase in number of paying accounts we value this last 90 days is largest we've had. So this very large of people coming into the ecosystem, experiencing ecosystem, which is obviously improving the time in quality quantity, then start on stores, and number is growing very,. we're also seeing as we look people start paying on our stores, we see pretty common trend over time. keep track across cohorts of customers, that people into the ecosystem and start on the ecosystem, we a spending profile very similar around world. so obviously, combination of spending more over time and adding people that are actually spending the stores contributes to this 40% growth mentioned for the App Store basis. thanks, Luca, and a follow-up for Tim. The keeps growing, and course the profit contribution from that is growing. we've at the same think seen you maybe a little more aggressive than Apple has been historically in pricing certain key technologies, that you want penetrate the with. I wonder if could comment a little on your strategy there in terms of the of that profit contribution that Services how you intend to apply to rest of. the that pricing is come with price that we think is good value for the delivering, and we do that on side as well on the side. some consider disappointing, what seems to be a very good and ironically the competition seems be part of the market right now. Do you see A), expanding over time into a broader product line; and B), increasingly being independent of the iPhone term?. The watch units more than doubled in our top ten which is phenomenal growth, particularly in a non-holiday quarter. some people are doing when you the revenues with the revenues for and as you this was the quarter shipments for AirPods. then the that a group of our customers well, and look on trailing 12 months this not forecast – that was well the Fortune 500. specifically, I wonder what you believe is risk that Qualcomm could have a detrimental response, such as withholding modem chip potentially getting on in select around the world. why would Apple potentially take on those just in advance of what will arguably your significant and largest product launch in history?. The reason that we're pursuing this is that Qualcomm's trying of the total iPhone value. I was wondering if I could just follow a bit on iPhone. If try for the drawdown in inventory and extra week last quarter, think sequentially iPhones declined 27% if I. rate improved marginally, when you adjust for the extra week. In this quarter, we reduced channel inventory 1.2 million units. I think that when you you're going to that the performance similar the quarters. And so four the operating segments, as Luca mentioned in his we had very good growth. was really propelled by the demand for iPhone 7 Plus, which growing incredibly around world. Last year, had a million-unit channel inventory reduction for the. So expecting for this year just we have an apples-to-apples comparison as we think about your guidance. As know, Simona, we do not provide and around inventory but our goal is always to have the right amount weeks inventory in channel. if you look at last several years, we have fairly consistently reduced channel inventory the June quarter, I think a fair to have. you've been excited about the India market for some time and have made strides in establishing a manufacturing, and R&D presence there. curious you look at that market and the rollout of us assume Apple can something on of 10 million to million iPhones year then grow. We have ton of energy going into country on a number of and is the third world today behind China and the. so we believe, particularly now 4G infrastructure is going in the country and continuing to be expanded, that is a huge opportunity Apple there. in your prepared comments you mentioned was growing digit, which is. But I believe if you look geographic India is underpenetrated from an Apple reception but yet they LTE, you have the iPhone a lower iPhone. you think that say this next 12 18 months is a or is it more you to work with there?. it's a opportunity too, and so we're all the things that we to bear in other markets that we've well and that's from channel to stores to our ecosystem. just over there opening last quarter, and so there are a on there. are really good by most people's expectations, maybe not mine as much. investment really began rolling in a significant way toward the last quarter of last year, as you know. call will be available for two weeks as a podcast iTunes a webcast apple.com/investor, and via and the numbers for telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820.