 Good day everyone and welcome to this Apple Inc. Fourth Quarter Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would to turn the call to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Speaking first today is Apple Tim Cook he'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri, after that we'll open the call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of the information you will hear during our discussion today will of forward-looking statements including, without limitation, those gross operating expenses, other and taxes and business outlook. For more information, refer to the risk discussed in Apple's most filed periodic reports 10-Q, and the 8-K filed with the SEC along with the associated press release. Apple assumes obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective dates. As we closed the books on a successful fiscal 2017, have to say I couldn't be more about future. This was our biggest year ever in most parts the world with record revenue the United States, Western Europe, Japan, the Middle East, Central and Eastern and Asia. We had particularly finish this year, generating September quarter revenue ever year-over-year growth for the fourth consecutive. was $52.6 billion, above the high end our guidance range, and up 12% over last year. We generated growth across all of our product categories and all-time record results for our Services. As we expected, we returned to growth in greater China, with unit growth and market share gains for iPad, Mac. In fact, it was an record quarter for Mac sales in mainland China as well as an Services revenue. revenue from emerging markets outside of greater China was up 40%, with momentum in India, where revenue doubled year over year. We had great results in enterprise and education with double digit growth in worldwide customer purchases of and in both. margin for the September quarter was at the high end of our guidance range, thanks exceptional work by our teams, we generated record quarter earnings per of up 24% a year ago. In the last week and a half of September, we began shipping iPhone 8 and 8 Plus to customers. As we speak, the launch of iPhone X now underway as stores open Australia Asia. iPhone X is packed with innovative new technologies that chart our path for the next decade, technologies like the TrueDepth system, Super Retina Display, and A11 chip with neural engine, has been development years with a focus on machine learning. iPhone X enables totally new experiences like unlocking your iPhone with Face ID, taking photos with lighting effects, or playing immersive augmented reality games. already very strong, and we're working to get iPhone X into customers' as quickly as possible. Revenue reached all-time quarterly record of $8.5 billion in September quarter. A quarters ago, we a goal our fiscal 2016 revenue of $24 billion by the year 2020, we are well on our to meeting that goal. In fiscal 2017, we reached $30 making our Services already the size of Fortune 100 company. We're also delighted to report our second consecutive quarter double-digit unit growth. Customers have responded positively to new iPad lineup. And with the launch of iOS 11, the iPad experience has become more powerful than with great new features for getting things done like new dock, Files app, drag and drop, and more power than PC notebooks. There are already over 1,000 apps with powerful AR features in our App Store today, with developers creating amazing new experiences in virtually category of apps aimed at consumers, students alike. I'd like to talk about the which had its best ever, with the annual Mac revenue in Apple's history. It was also the best September quarter ever, Mac revenue of 25% driven by the notebook refreshes we in June and strong season. The Mac experience has even better since the September launch of macOS High Sierra, with new technologies to make Mac more reliable, capable and lay the foundation for future innovation. growth of over 50% for the third it continues be the best and most loved smartwatch in the world. We began shipping Apple Series 3 just six weeks ago customers love the new freedom of. Now more ever, Apple Watch is the ultimate for a healthy life and is already big difference in our customers' lives. of music streaming on Apple Watch is truly a magical experience for people on the. In fact, our entire wearables business was 75% year over year in the fourth quarter in fiscal 2017, already generated the revenue of a 400 company. Late in the September quarter, we also launched Apple TV 4K, delivering stunning cinematic at home. So now users around the world can watch movies and shows in 4K HDR quality and stream live sports and news the Apple TV app. great selection of 4K HDR titles available through iTunes and other popular video services with many more movies and. We're also very excited about the opening of Apple Michigan Avenue weeks ago on Chicago's riverfront. This the first store that brings together our complete vision for the of Apple retail, providing a welcoming place for everyone to experience our services and inspiring programs right the heart their city. quarter, we expanded our free App Development with Swift curriculum to more than community across the country. colleges have a powerful reach into communities where education is great equalizer, the colleges adopting our opportunity to of to build that will careers in software development and information technology much more. on the September quarter results, I'd like to over the call to Luca. Revenue for the September quarter was a record $52.6 up 12% over last year, it has been great to see our growth rate accelerate every quarter fiscal 2017. Our terrific performance this was very broad with growth in all our product categories for in a and new September revenue records in the Americas, in Europe the of Asia-Pacific. We grew double digits in the U.S., Canada, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, and several other developed. We were especially happy to return to in greater China, where revenue was up a year ago and with our momentum in India,. These results have fueled overall growth of over 20% from emerging markets. Operating margin 25% of revenue and net income $10.7 billion. Diluted earnings per share $2.07, up 24% over last year to a new September flow operations strong at $15.7 billion. the quarter, we sold 46.7 million iPhones, up over last year. We were very pleased to see double digit iPhone in many emerging markets including mainland China, the Middle East, Central and Eastern Europe, and. We gained share not in those markets but also in Canada, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Singapore, on the latest estimates from. channel inventory increased by million units to support the launch of iPhone 8 and 8 Plus, less than the increase in the September quarter a year ago. Customer interest and satisfaction with iPhone are very strong with both consumers and business users. In the U.S., the latest data from 451 Research on consumers indicates a customer satisfaction rating of 97% or higher all models. Among consumers planning buy a smartphone in the next 90 days, purchase intention for iPhone was more times the of the closest competitor with loyalty rate for current iPhone owners to 53% for the next highest. For corporate smartphone buyers, iOS customer satisfaction 95% and of those planning quarter, 80% planned to purchase iPhone. to Services, we set an all-time quarterly record of $8.5 up year over. Our results included a favorable one-time revenue adjustment of $640. run rate excluding this adjustment, services growth 24% was terrific and the that we have experienced. The App Store set new all-time record, and according to App Annie's report, it continues to be preferred destination for purchases by a wide and growing margin, generating nearly twice the revenue of Google Play. We're getting great response to the App Store's new design in iOS from both customers and developers. We're increases in the of customer the amount time they spend the store and the of apps they download. The of Apple Music also continues to and we're seeing our highest conversion from customers trying the service. in the September quarter the number of subscribers was up over 75% year-over-year. We also saw great performance from our iCloud business with strong double-digit growth both monthly average users and. Across all of Services offerings, the number of subscriptions reached over 210 at the end September quarter, an increase million in last 90 days. U.S., 70% leading grocery chains are now accepting Apple Pay with the recent launch of Safeway and over 5 merchant locations will be Apple Pay enabled by the. Next, I would like to talk about the Mac, which for fiscal set new all-time revenue record of billion. We sold 5.4 million Macs during the September quarter, up over last year and gained significant market share as the global market contracted 1% based on IDC's latest. This performance was fueled primarily by great demand for MacBook Pro and Mac revenue grew 25% to a new September quarter record. outstanding results all around the world with of our geographic segments Mac revenue by 20% or. were also very happy with the success of Mac in education market where customer grew double digits year over. sold 10.3 million units, up 11% over last year with strong demand for both iPad and iPad Pro and revenue grew. was great to see iPad unit growth in all of our geographic segments and particularly strong results in emerging markets, including greater where iPad units sales were up 25% year-over-year and India,. NPD indicates that had 54% share of the tablet market in the quarter, including seven the best-selling tablets. Also, the most recent surveys from 451 Research measured customer satisfaction rates of 97% across models. And among people planning to buy tablets, intent for iPad was over 70% for both and. September quarter, we announced a new partnership with Accenture, is creating a dedicated iOS practice in locations around world. Experts from Apple are co-locating with this and together they'll be launching tools and services that help transform how they with customers using iPhone and iPad. Examples include services to build new customer experiences and to facilitate iOS with enterprise systems to help businesses take greater advantage of data from Internet of Things platforms and to enable the smooth transfer of legacy applications and data to modern iOS apps. GE is also standardizing on iPhone and iPad for its global workforce of more than 330,000 employees and with Apple, GE is developing iOS apps for both its internal and external bring predictive data analytics to workers across a broad range industries. our iOS devices, we are also seeing great traction for in the enterprise market with all-time in fiscal 2017. The September quarter was very strong for our retail online stores, which welcomed 418 million visitors. was particularly heavy during the week of new product up 19% over last year. Retail ran a very successful back-to-school promotion in the Americas, Europe, China and Singapore, with sales of Mac and iPad Pro strong double digits compared last year's program. And the world, our stores conducted over 200,000 Today at sessions during the quarter. We ended the quarter with $268.9 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase $7.4. We issued $7 billion in new Canadian and U.S. dollar denominated debt bringing to $104 billion in term debt $12 in commercial paper. We returned $11 billion to investors during the. We paid $3.3 billion in dividends and equivalents and spent $4.5 billion on repurchases of 29.1 million Apple through open market. We launched a new billion ASR resulting in initial delivery and of 15.1 million shares and we million upon the completion of our 11th ASR during. move ahead the December quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, includes types forward-looking information that Nancy referred to the beginning of call. And given it's likely to be not in the December quarter, should think a better than revenue quarter because of that X ramp?. ramp for iPhone X is especially considering that X is the advanced iPhone we've ever created and it has lots of new technologies in it. And in of March, we obviously guidance beyond the current quarter. then China growth returned to strong double digits, 12% up. You've talked historically about region being more sensitive than to form factor changes and iPhone X factor not available in September. And should we assume that growth that only accelerates from here as that new gets into the market. We market share for iPhone, Mac and iPad during the. We all-time revenue for Services and for Mac for the PRC during the. We had double digit in iPhone both the upgraders and Android switchers both a year over year the quarter, and so the results were broad. quarter in it affected us 1 percentage point. We don't provide guidance from our guidance, we think going to have a strong. Good afternoon and congrats on a strong quarter. never go through mix, I share with you that iPhone X orders are very strong for both direct customers and for channel which as you are lots of carriers throughout world. go through different countries as I've been lately, and looking at some things the market, other things that are coming, the very cool thing is they're all over place. They're going to be great for productivity and between small and large business. I see that makes want to K-12 and repeat my schooling in the classroom lot. course, Apple is the only company could have brought this and integration, and it requires sort of making lot – or giving operating system to many people at. And the software team worked really hard make versions of iPhone so that we of have hundreds millions of enabled overnight. so there's 1,000-plus in the App Store right now. I think this is very much like in when we fired the gun in the overall App. The Tim, can you talk a bit about how you're thinking terms of the lineup?. Perhaps that was just some of the switchers China maybe some of the growth China share. But how you sort thinking about what went into the guidance December quarter?. Are you really strong at the low end and obviously expected from the X the end?. In terms what we saw Q4, you can tell the ASP had success, I would through the different iPhones. And got some that are really great for that market. three new iPhones and people will look at these and decide which one they want. is the first we've been in the position that we've had new iPhones once like this at the top of the line. And to see what but we put our absolutely thinking that we here in the guidance Luca and you can tell from that, that we're bullish. And then in terms Services, $8.5 up can you about some of the portions of that that outperformed, sustainable?. terms of significant growth in Services, but I'm just. the growth rate for service in the was fantastic. It's the highest growth rate that had for services during 2017. I would highlight maybe three of these businesses within Services at the App Store set new all-time. The number of accounts to grow strongly, that's very, very important to us for the App Store. We're the highest rates that we've had since the launch the service. remember that a few years ago, were actually declining in Music; with streaming service in to download business, the business growing. And that really the growth rate the entire Services business. service that continues to grow very strong double digits, and that's also helping. Could comment upon your expectations in terms the mix forward?. And if you won't do that, perhaps could comment a bit about thinking in terms of price elasticity. years ago, nobody would've imagined selling a phone at this price and obviously, you're confident that you can do. If you look at 8 and Plus, when launched them, they instantly became top two products. If you look at 8 Plus in particular, to provide a little color there, the period of that we can to date, has gotten off fastest start of any model. before, we've had three products and it's only today that the first customers sort of look at all three of those and I'm there's been some that wanted to do that deciding even which one. in terms price elasticity, I think it's important to that a large pay for the phone by month. And so if you were to out on the U.S., that to be more of the of this call, you at the carriers, I you would you could buy an iPhone $33 a month. X a lot of great new technologies in that are leading the it is fabulous product and we can't wait for people to getting their hands. Now though, leading in AR, you're leading face ID, which all-in a year ago, as some of have suggested, was kind of very reminiscent of the aggressive Apple. Is it possible going forward you could accelerate share gains from Android because now in a stronger position?. little bit on that question, Tim. You talked a bit providing a lot of value and Apple sets its prices according to. I given the uniqueness of the product you with the X particular, that a lot sense. guess the question is given the uniqueness of the that have marketplace, shouldn't we – we, or shouldn't we gross margins improve cycle previous. And perhaps you can talk a little bit you think about pricing in the context gross margin. We that time we launch new products, the cost of the new tend to be than the that they. a very good track of taking those cost structures over the life cycle the product, we are able bring them. There of elements in the gross margin line that we good control over and there are also elements that we. Also, mix of products that we sell into the market tends change over time, and that also has impact on gross margin for company. to think maximizing gross margin because we the important thing for investors at the of the. track record over years, think we've found a good balance between unit grow and gross margins and will continue to do as we forward. I think a common question is, the iPhone X was made available. so I think the really significant question is that initial a function of uniquely strong demand versus history push-out a function of weaker versus history?. You have very talked about targeting when you think you could reach supply/demand balance. So be really helpful if you some context in terms what you know, either about initial about a supplies versus can help try and understand the little data points that they're seeing terms of of the. Until you all of them out there where customers the ability to demo and think any kind of mix discussion is very estimating. And I'll ask original question and follow-up at the same time because slightly different topics. believe, Tim, in your prepared I think, doubled year over year. upon analysis, it looks like Apple's just a relatively small sliver of the pie there. Are you more hardware sales services through the or where the excitement will then monetize it Apple?. of the things that you mentioned are correct. like India is a result of all of those and doing them all. there and understanding of the market, but still a long to go, which sort see as an opportunity instead of problem. you know, as I think we talked before, we manufacturing the iPhone there nine months so. the majority of the iPhone SEs we sold the domestic market quarter were there. bandwidth issue an issue, but as you point out, is addressed between the carriers there with and now investing the way service in is better it was just 12 months ago. In terms of the monetization question on AR/VR, we to focus first and on customer experience. that if we get the experience right, that and profits be result of getting right. Daryanani - Capital Markets LLC Luca, year over year revenues are going be high single digits at the midpoint, gross margin will be down a. As I mentioned, think to Toni, we have higher structures every launch products. is going to the offset, and I particularly the from the pricing environment is a headwind at this point. to size it for you, the impact of memory on our margin is bps sequentially and 110 a over year basis. guys about it a fair amount earlier, but even if you it looks the back of accelerated by 500 basis points in fiscal the first of. is there a way to think about much this is expanding base, which one of the you mentioned I more dollar per that you see?. I mentioned, particularly on the App Store, very important the number of accounts has grown lot. It's grown a lot because, as you said, the installed base grown, but also because made number of that have made it easier on the App Store be to on the App Store. We're also now, very recently, made some changes, as you have seen, to the design of the App Store. And so people now are spending more time on the they more apps, and that over time translates into monetization. Tim, I'm wondering if we a look at mainland China and we think 8 and iPhone 8 Plus, they've been for a while now. What has been the just response to those two new iPhones and preorders around the in mainland China?. In terms of preorder process works in China in the so not in our direct but in the broader channel and channel, they take indications of interest versus something I label a preorder. If the past five years, sales were up 7% in the September so that's average. Yet didn't have your iPhones in market. performance during the quarter was very. And so we just had a phenomenal quarter iPad, on the Mac, on Services, on iPhone. so that's what, our new give us great confidence headed into this holiday season this is going be season yet.