 Good day everyone, and welcome to the Apple Incorporated Third Quarter Year 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would to turn the call to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Speaking first today is Apple Tim Cook, he'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri, after that we'll open the call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding margin, expenses, other income and taxes business outlook. For more information, refer to the risk discussed in Apple's Form for 2014, the Form for the two quarters of 2015 the form 8-K with the SEC along with the associated press release. Apple assumes obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective dates. and exciting quarter and I'm delighted to talk to you about the highlights. Today, we're proud to report record June quarter results with revenues of $49.6 billion and earnings of billion. Our year-over-year growth rate in fiscal third quarter accelerated over first half of fiscal. 33%, our fastest growth rate in over three years, and earnings share were 45%. We achieved these strong results despite reducing channel inventories across our product by over 1 million units and despite the FX. Revenue exceeded the high end of our guidance by $1.6 billion we our internal expectations for sales iPhone, iPad, Mac Apple Watch. We had another stellar quarter for iPhone, establishing a new June quarter. iPhone unit grew 35%, which is almost times the rate of of the smartphone market and we gained all of our geographic segments. The results were broad-based in both developed emerging and we experienced the highest switcher rate from Android that we've ever measured. ChangeWave's most recent survey of US customers found that iPhone has the highest customer satisfaction of any smartphone brand by a wide margin, and that among iPhone owners to purchase new phone, 86% plan to purchase another. also had a tremendous record quarter for Mac, continuing to defy the industry trend with growth of 9% in a market that IDC estimates. Growth was fueled by great response to our new MacBook and we're hard to catch up with customer demand. We generated over $5 billion in services revenue, setting a new all-time. services, the App produced its best quarter ever with revenue growing 24%. results from Greater China were outstanding with revenue growth of 112% iPhone unit growth of. This is particularly impressive IDC's estimate of only 5% growth for the Greater China market. also achieved our highest ever PC market share the segment with Mac sales growing over last. And ecosystem in China continues to grow at a very fast with App Store revenue more than doubling in quarter. A major highlight of the past all of at Apple was the launch Apple Watch in April. To prioritize those first orders and deliver the best experience for customers, delayed availability of Apple in our mid June. We made huge progress with the ramp across quarter and near end of the expanded into six additional. just the few days, been able to catch up with demand, enabling us to expand Watch availability to a total 19 countries currently with three more countries to added at the this month. The feedback from Apple Watch customers is incredibly positive and we've been very with customer satisfaction and usage statistics. Market from Wristly measured a 97% customer satisfaction rate for Apple Watch and we hear from people every day the impact it's having on their health, their they communicate. shows that 94% of Apple Watch owners wear and use regularly, if not every. We believe that the for Apple Watch are and that's been reinforced in just the few weeks since it to. For example, doctors and researchers at leading hospitals in the and Europe are putting Apple Watch to work in improving patients'. Nebraska Medicine, the latest hospital to adopt Apple Watch, has rolled out new apps that facilitate between patients and doctors and provide quick access to important chart dosage information. are tracking their fitness, getting breaking news alerts, their investments, connecting with friends, and a healthier day. The user experience for Apple Pay and Siri nothing short of incredible and customers are enjoying countless other over 8,500 third-party apps available for Apple Watch. With watchOS 2, developers now have the ability build richer and more powerful native apps for Watch, taking advantage the heart rate sensor, the Digital Crown, accelerometer and more, ushering in a whole new designed specifically for the wrist. rare and special privilege launch a new platform with promise and and I know I speak for when I say that we can't wait to see what our developers and. a fantastic developers' conference in June thousands of from 70 countries coming together with Apple engineers to share in the excitement three operating systems, OS X, iOS, and. We've been hard to make our even more intelligent, more powerful and more in all of our customers' lives, while adding continuity features make the experience across our devices more seamless ever preserving the and privacy that our customers. We're very excited about our news app coming to iPhone iPad with iOS 9. We believe it will be the best news reading experience on any mobile device, combining a beautiful magazine layout customized media. thrilled by the response to Apple Music, which launched in over 100 on June 30. a single immersive app that combines best to enjoy music all one place. Customers and reviewers love the curation features of Apple Music and the way it's people discover new music. millions of customers are already experiencing the new service the three-month trial and the numbers are growing substantially. 15,000 artists have signed up to post on Connect, where we are seeing great original content, including a world premiere video. This all adds up to a renewed sense of excitement around music, love and expect to continue as Apple customers. Last week we launched Apple Pay in UK, bringing customers easy, secure and private to pay. On day one, we had an incredible of over 250,000 locations and major credit and debit cards from supporting Apple Pay. using Apple Pay to ride the London Underground the ground systems of Transport for London and we a model other public transportation systems around world. excited to see this continue with the new Square reader coming this. Pay to even more neighborhood businesses you pay every day, your corner coffee shop your local market, the 80,000 small- and medium-size businesses we're already adding every month. American Express will add Apple Pay support for its robust of corporate cards next month, offering businesses and their employees new way to make easy and secure payments. Apple Pay acceptance at over 1.5 million US locations by the end of 2015. I'd like to our customers, developers, business partners and employees another record breaking quarter. We're very hard at work our exciting pipeline of new hardware, software and services, and we're continuing to our global reach into markets. Tim. we have done for the half of fiscal 2015, we are reporting another record today. for the June quarter was $49.6 billion, an of $12.2 or 33% over year. Our growth was driven by the tremendous performance iPhone, the introduction of Apple and the continued strength Mac and Store. these great results the context of a challenging foreign exchange environment around the world and reduction in 1 million units across product growth performance more. As Tim mentioned, our results were especially impressive in Greater China, where revenue more than doubled year over year over $13 billion. Emerging markets overall 79% to almost $18 billion and represented 35% of our total company revenue. Company gross margin was 39.7%, better than expectations, mainly due strong iPhone sales. Operating margin was 28.4% of revenue and income was $10.7 billion, a quarter record. Diluted earnings per share were $1.85, a 45% increase and cash flow from operations third quarter record. iPhones in the quarter, representing 35% year over year growth and demand for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus has continued be terrific all around the. We're up over in Greater China and in India, and increased more than 45% in several countries including Italy, Spain, the and Turkey. mix iPhone 6 and 6 Plus led to an iPhone ASP of $660, an of year over despite the significant negative foreign exchange impact I referred to earlier. We reduced iPhone channel inventory by about 600,000 units during quarter, which left at low end of target range of 5 to 7 weeks of channel. As we have done for several in a row, we continued to gain significant market share based IDC's latest of a 12% global PC contraction. Mac growth driven by portables and we delighted with the strong customer reception of new MacBook. We ended the quarter slightly below our 4 to 5 target range for Mac channel. We sold million compared to 13.3 million in the year-ago. iPad sell-through was 11.2 million as we channel inventory by 300,000 units. ChangeWave measured a 97% customer satisfaction rate for iPad Air 2 and among consumers planning to purchase a tablet within 90 days, over half plan. the purchase intent was even stronger at over 70%. We participate in the low of the tablet but we are successful where we do. indicated that iPad has 76% of the US market for priced above $200. We're very excited about the advances in the iPad experience in iOS 9 in the fall, including the slide over view features retail multitasking, picture-in-picture for FaceTime and video, enhanced QuickType composing text faster. In the near future, United plans to introduce apps to transform the customer experience and improve integration with operations. IBM released 13 new MobileFirst for iOS apps in the June quarter, including new apps in retail banking and healthcare, well as new horizontal apps for HR and sales. There are now apps in IBM's MobileFirst for iOS catalog that connect to big data and analytics right on their iPhones. total of 100 apps to be available by the end 2015. In April, Apple, IBM and Japan Post announced a joint initiative to deliver iPads with IBM developed apps and analytics to connect citizens with services, healthcare, community and family. Since announcing this initiative less than three months ago, we've already seen strong interest from other looking for innovative ways to support aging population. Importantly, we also continue to work closely with leading business software and solution providers to help businesses of all sizes transform work with iPhone. They're developing new and differentiated solutions on iOS across many industries, and attracting very significant customer interest. We generated over $5 billion in revenue, a new all-time record, and an of 12% over last year thanks primarily to strong growth from. The revenue the App Store increased 24% and the number transacting customers grew 19%, also an all-time record. growth was particularly strong in China, where the Store revenue more than doubled year over year. developers have 250,000 apps our China App Store the response from our customers has been tremendous. revenue from other products grew sharply, up 49% over last year. The contribution from Apple Watch accounted well over 100% of the of the and more decline of iPod and accessory sales. As said in the past, we do not plan disclose Apple Watch metrics because we don't intend to insight that could help our competitors. Our retail and online stores very busy quarter, with customer up 49% year-over-year, driven especially the strong interest in Apple. our very popular Apple Store app, mobile to our online during the quarter equaled desktop traffic for the time ever. We opened three new stores, second store in Brazil, our store in Manhattan, and twenty-second store in Greater. brought us to global store count of 456, of which are outside and we are track to have by. We ended the quarter with $202.8 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase $9.3. the June quarter, issued a total $10 billion of term debt, consisting of $8 billion US dollar denominated notes and ¥250 billion denominated notes as diversify global debt base. This us with billion of term debt outstanding at the end the quarter. During quarter, we turned over $13 to our investors. We paid $3.1 billion in dividends and equivalents and we spent $4 billion repurchase 31.2 million Apple shares to open market. We have continued to execute our capital return program a fast pace now an over $126 billion of our $200 billion program, $90 billion in. we move into the September quarter, I'd like to review our which the of forward-looking information that Nancy referred at the beginning the call. We expect to be between $49 billion and $51 billion compared to in the year-ago. the year year iPhone growth was very the sequential unit decline the June quarter was worse than the past years. you that was, and in particular, why drain channel inventory when so well?. Katy, it's Tim. the channel inventory did go down by 600,000. in this particular quarter, we were to basically right the bottom end our range and we view that as good thing, not a bad thing. Obviously been much higher if we would have expanded channel, but if don't need to that, that's not how we think about business. In of what's going on with iPhone, 35% growth is almost three times the market. And if you at it at a little narrower regional level, Western Europe grew 30% versus a market so times market. And India we grew at 93% this is on of the China numbers that we've covered that the quarter a of 5%. well I think in way that you at it. So Tim, just to extend the longer term, as sure you're you're lapping some pretty significant comps as it relates to the upgrades that you're about as as significant in. What is framework that you use to convince yourselves that units can continue over longer term?. you Katy, we purposely just give guidance for current and we've that. And obviously of numbers that we have growth in the revenue that iPhone would have stellar quarter. we're that this quarter is going to be great. the future looks, it one quarter at a time. look at the first time iPhone buyers and seeing very numbers in countries that you would want to see those in, like China and Russia Brazil and so. also see a market that over a five-year horizon, if you look the IDC numbers, is projected to from 1.3 in 2014 over 1.9 billion – billion, rather,. I everybody's to a smartphone, and I think we've proven that we compete for a fair of those, as you can from our. Could you walk us through the key behind your margin range for September and particular how we should think about sequential ForEx impact this and the impact a product cost?. So we got into 38.5% to 39.5%, and just keep in mind last year in Q4, our gross. So this year we're expecting a sequential decline of 220 basis points. First of to your around foreign exchange, it to be challenging environment given the of the US. In our case, the impact after is going to be about 30 points Q4. And could you give us a more color on the dynamics for iPhone in the quarter and how this compares prior and your expectations?. to be an upward bias helping the as mentioned, but could give us bit more detail what exactly you're seeing here?. I think it's interesting in the context of towards emerging obviously. And I think we talked about it prior calls, 6 Plus is doing well in markets that you expect, Greater other markets. markets where our growth rates are particularly strong and 6 Plus, because of the screen is doing extremely well. you a little bit about gross margins in the question. But could you talk about we think the trends in gross margin?. other words is, should the margin trends we've seen in cycles continue into next year?. a follow-up or another question for Tim here, is that the has lot and some may wanted a little more. Okay Gene, let me with gross margin. As Tim before, obviously to the current quarter. example, currency can be very different one year to the next. We know that next year is going represent an given where dollar has. may be different from one year to the other. There are things remain relatively similar as we launch new products. We make better all the time, and that typically requires cost and so structures of our products, new tend to higher than the products that they. Having that, as you know we've got a very, very good track record those over lifecycle of the products. the one thing that to point again as get into the following year, is course currency be an issue. Secondly provide a more color, sales of the Watch exceed expectations and did so despite still trailing demand at the end of. And to you a little insight, through the end the quarter, in fact the Apple sell-through was higher the comparable periods of the iPhone the original. And we were able that having only 680 points sale. as you know, as I had reviewed earlier, the sales were so great at the beginning, we not able to our until mid-June. And those points of sale much, the overwhelming majority of the low numbers sales were not until the last two weeks quarter. I look all these things, we feel really great how we did. Beyond the very good on sales, we're excited about how the is positioned for the long term because we're starting a category. bring native apps which going to be killer to the Watch. Based on that experience, we're now to channel holiday we're convinced that the Watch going to one of the of the holiday season. And so I back up and look at and I feel fantastic what team has done and and I never go without and it's not because I'm the Apple. your remarks you talked a little about your market share of in the above $200 78%. you think about the iPhone and your market in the category, how you think about it?. wondering Tim Luca, you could talk about how think about market share, where play that your ASP is comfortably above $600?. What do you think your market is above or in smartphones?. And do we think that, that share going forward?. Toni, it's Tim. at it a bit differently than you. at it as job is to grow our products regardless of the that need convince in some people to from price to the. we think if do great job with the product that people will be willing spend more because they much more of it. And I can look the results the iPhone and that action. I'm in part because you about the highest ever Android switcher. strength and the dramatically above market growth because you're taking share in that high-end category and far along there?. can point to proof points you've actually expanded the size of the market for products of price point?. Oh, think there's no if you at it we expanding the market size in areas. that there's some people that are switching from comparable price points to the iPhone, and that's great too. And then if I just ask you to how you think about cycles the iPhone 6 cycle. replacement cycles over the they similar what you saw one two years ago when you about replacement?. of things that also sort of struck me was I having repurchase intention of versus competitors at 50%. there's a of plans people began signing up for in last year that could. They may one leases that could actually help the upgrade. you look many of your products have been absolutely fantastic and at different phases in their life, seen tremendous high growth, whether it's iPad, iPod, and iPhone looks like challenging here next quarters. this even more strategic focus into broadening the reliance on a couple products such as mentioned Apple Radio. There's a lot content on the Apple Watch and apps and then also Apple Pay. you increasingly focusing on hiring and kind of non hardware (45:32)?. Jim, it's Tim. think the phone has a lot of legs to it. I the early innings of it, not in the innings, I think the rate of growth over the long will also be. In terms of the other things that we're doing, have some great capability and teams in Apple. at the aggregate level, we still remain focused because if look at size versus number of projects we have going, much smaller to most. that you didn't mention, the Mac continues very well. there's some incredible productivity enhancements coming in with view and slide over and picture-in-picture. and I believe that the iPad upgrade cycle eventually occur because as we look at the usage iPad, remains. I look geographically, where we've been doing really good the emerging our still high in any of them, and so there's lot of there as as there in most developed as. Thanks, Jim. Tim, there's some concern what's going on in China with the stock market and economically. Yeah, it's a very good question, and we remain extremely on China and we're continuing invest. Nothing happened has changed our fundamental view that China will be largest market some point in the future. It's as you point out, equity markets recently been volatile. But it in I think is important, despite that volatility in the up 90% the last year, and they're up 20% and so kind of think all us would love. And think generally this has been, at least as we see maybe not true for other businesses, this worry probably overstated. had talked about before, we're continuing to expand the indirect channel well. and I think this a major point many people miss, China is only 12%. think that really to an future there. China is a fantastic with an incredible unprecedented of opportunity there. it seems like you're really focused on market share gain right now. In other the way that we win to people to buy their first smartphone. In other the way that we win is get to upgrade their current iPhone. very focused iPhone around the world, not in one geography and getting message out through ads is one way to do. be 800 basis points this quarter the 33% we've reported it wasn't the movement in currencies. And when you look around the world, it's really if exclude China, essentially every currency has against the dollar. are pretty careful thoughtful about where we increase prices and when and by how during mid-cycle because not something that we particularly like to. Look, in long run a strong US dollar is not a positive for international business. It has been remarkable so far to that we did take prices in a few markets. But really remarkable see how iPhone sales have been, because have increased, in of these increases, we've sales and increased market share in all our geographies the world, exception. then can you talk bit about linearity during the quarter a geographic basis?. Somewhat back to China question, I did see it down toward end of the quarter?. it's Tim. Maybe the way to talk is sort of at the level. And so the had a more a kind of a skewing. if you look the – it sounds like you're honing in the Greater results themselves. There is no impact from the quarter in the Greater China numbers. A replay of today's call will be for two as a podcast the iTunes store, as webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone.