 And welcome to this Apple Incorporated First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Release Conference Call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would to turn the call to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. first today is Apple Tim Cook and he’ll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. Please note that some of the information you will hear during our discussion today will consist of statements including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, operating other income and taxes, allocations and business outlook. For more information, refer to the risk discussed in Apple's most filed periodic reports 10-Q and the 8-K filed with the SEC along with the associated press release. I'd like to remind that quarter we’re reporting today included 13-weeks, whereas the quarter a year ago included 14-weeks. into the quarter, I'd like to take a moment to talk about a significant milestone we crossed. Apple's active base reached 1.3 billion devices in January is at an all-time high for all of our major products. billion represents an astonishing 30% in just two. We're thrilled to report Apple's biggest quarter ever, which all-time records in both revenue and. generated revenue of billion, which is above the high-end of our guidance range, and up almost $10 or 13% the all-time record we set a year. our fifth consecutive of accelerating revenue growth with double digit growth in each of our geographic segments the world. us even more is that the we're reporting today was long, while the year ago was 14-weeks. the revenue per week in the December quarter this compared to last year, our was a 21%. growth was broad-based and a key driver was iPhone, which generated its revenue. iPhone was the best-selling smartphone in the in the quarter according to Canalys, and it been our selling phone every it launched. In fact, for our newly launched iPhones was highest of any lineup in driving total Apple above our guidance range. Our teams carried out an extremely launch from both an engineering operations perspective, executing an ramp that required years of research development; one that innovative features like an edge-to-edge Display and the TrueDepth which enables Face. Our customers love these new features and the new gestures simply swiping up from the bottom, which using iPhone even intuitive and. was another very strong for services with of $8.5 billion, up 18% we’re on pace to achieve our goal of doubling our 2016 revenue 2020. number of paid across our services offerings passed 240 by the end of the that’s an of 30 in the last 90 days alone, is the largest quarterly growth. had an all-time quarter for the App Store with our best holiday season. We’re seeing excitement around augmented reality with customers now enjoying 2,000 enabled app, spanning every category in the App. In December, when GO released new reality features built with ARKit, it jumped top of the Store charts. And with ARKit, giving developers the most advanced tools the market to create apps most advanced operating running on. In addition to the App Store, several other had biggest quarter ever, including Apple Music, iCloud Apple Pay, all which saw growth in both users and. Apple Pay has reached important milestone in the U.S. As a result of 50% year-over-year growth in merchant adoption, it’s now accepted at more than half of two-thirds of country’s top 100 retailers. Now available 20 markets, global Apple Pay purchase volume more we’re delighted to be expanding to Brazil in coming months. In the U.S., we launched Apple Pay Cash in December, and it’s off a terrific start. It was our best quarter ever for the Watch over 50% in revenue and units the fourth in a row strong growth in geographic segment. of Apple Watch Series 3 models also more than twice the volume of Series 2 a year ago. Apple Watch is the popular, smart watch the world and gained market share quarter based on the from IDC. It was the third consecutive quarter of for iPad revenue, thanks to the strength of both iPad iPad Pro. Based on the latest data from IDC, gained share in nearly every market track with strong outperformance emerging markets. Worldwide, almost half of our iPad sales the first-time tablet buyers or those switching to Apple, that’s true in some our most developed including Japan and France. It’s an entirely new product line designed for our users who love the design of iMac and require workstation class. sales were to first time buyers and switchers and in China, that was almost. looking forward to getting HomePod in customers’ hands beginning next week. We're very with the initial response from who've HomePod ahead of its launch, and we think our customers are going love this new product. Our App with Swift curriculum, which is available free on iBooks, has been downloaded more than 1.2 million times worldwide with almost half of from here in the United. an exciting time at Apple with the best lineup products and services set of initiatives that show how can be a force for good world. on the December quarter results, I'd like to over the call to Luca. Our business and financial performance in the December quarter were exceptional, as we set all-time records revenue, operating net income and earnings per. with revenue, we’re reporting all-time record, $88.3 billion, up nearly $10 billion or 13% over prior record set last year. It is our fifth consecutive quarter of revenue growth. know, December quarter a ago 14-weeks compared to 13-weeks which important to consider as we assess the underlying performance of business year. When we look average revenue per week, our growth rate was even higher at with growth all product categories for the third quarter. In Greater China, very happy to generate double digit revenue growth the quarter in row and in emerging markets outside of Greater 25% year-over-year growth. net was $20.1 billion an all-time record, and $2.2 billion over the last year. Diluted earnings per share also an all-time record and cash flow was strong of $28.3 billion. During the quarter, we 77.3 million iPhones, the highest number ever a 13-week quarter. weekly iPhone sales were 6% compared December quarter last year with growth in every region of the world despite the launch of iPhone X. We established iPhone revenue record in nearly every market track with double-digit growth in all of our geographic. ASP increased to $796 from $695 year ago, driven primarily by launch of iPhone X and the and 8 Plus. We exited the December quarter towards lower end of our target range of five seven weeks of channel inventory with less than 1 million more iPhones in the channel compared to the year in line with growth in average unit. Customer interest and satisfaction with iPhone are very, very strong for both consumers and business users. The latest data from 451 Research indicates U.S. customer satisfaction ratings of 96% or higher across iPhone models. And among business customers planning to purchase in the next quarter, 77% planned to purchase iPhone. Our are also incredibly loyal with Comcast latest U.S. research, reflecting a 96% iPhone loyalty rate, the ever. We had terrific quarter revenue of $8.5 billion, up 18% and up of average revenue per week; that an acceleration that we experienced in the. The Store’s all-new design is off to a fantastic start with quarterly store visitors, transacting accounts reaching new. the week beginning December 24th, a record number of customers made purchases downloaded Apps from the App Store, spending $890 million in that seven-day period, followed by million in Year’s alone. And according to App latest report, the App Store continues to be the preferred destination for customer by a very wide margin, nearly twice the revenue of Google. Across all our services offerings, paid subscriptions reached $240 million with 58% over last year and they were a major contributor to the overall strong growth services revenue. As Tim mentioned, it was our quarter ever for Apple Watch. fact, wearables were the second largest contributor to revenue iPhone, which is impressive for a business that only three years ago. total, other products category set a new all-time record with quarterly revenue exceeding $5 billion for first time. We sold 5.1 million Macs during the December quarter, which to 2% increase in average sales per. performance was particularly strong in emerging markets with unit sales up 13% year-over-year and in Latin America, in India, Turkey and Central Eastern Europe. On a worldwide basis, of Macs was up double-digits year-over-year to a new. We sold 13.2 million units with average iPad sales per week up 8% over last year’s December. iPad sales grew strong double-digits in many emerging Latin America, the Middle East, Central and Eastern and India, as well as markets, including Japan, Australia and Korea. The active install base of iPad has grown every quarter since its launch in 2010, and it reached a new high in thanks extremely high customer loyalty and large numbers of first-time iPad users. indicates that iPad had 46% share of the tablet market in the quarter, up from share year ago. And the most recent surveys from 451 tablets within 90 days, 72% of and 68% of business users planned to iPads. Customer satisfaction is also very high with businesses reporting a satisfaction for iPad. We are seeing great in enterprise as businesses across industries and around the world standardize on. We’re also rolling out a new initiative, called Apple at Work to help businesses implement employee choice programs more easily and offer Apple products. Resources from both Apple and our channel partners will enable enterprise IT and procurement to buy or lease Apple products more efficiently, streamline the setup of iPhone, iPad, and and deliver seamless onboarding experience for employees. the program with CDW in the U.S. last week, we would be expanding more channels and regions this. The December quarter was extremely busy for our retail online stores, which welcomed 538 million visitors. was particularly strong during the four-weeks following the of iPhone up 46% over last year. And across the quarter, our stores conducted over 200,000 Today at Apple sessions, covering topics including music, and app and and design. We ended the quarter with $285.1 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase $16.2. We $7 billion debt during the quarter, bringing us to $110 billion in term-debt and $12 in commercial of billion at the end of the. We returned $14.5 billion to investors during the. We paid $3.3 billion in dividends and equivalents, and spent $5.1 billion on repurchases of 30.2 million Apple through open market. We a new $5 ASR program, in initial delivery and retirement 23.6 million shares and we retired 3.8 million shares the completion of our 12th ASR during the. Due to the recently legislation in the we estimate making a corporate income tax payment of approximately $38 billion the government on our cumulative foreign earnings. $38 billion payment, we will have paid over $110 of corporate income tax on our domestic and foreign earnings during the last years a tax rate of 26%. Our tax rate of 25.8% the December quarter close to guidance of 25.5% as the U.S. statutory new legislation effectively offset the remeasurement of deferred tax. given the increased financial and operational flexibility from the to our cash, we targeting to become approximately net cash over time. provide an update our specific capital allocation when we report results for second fiscal quarter, with the timing of updates we have in the. Luca, I wanted to a little bit about, more about your comments on structure. I you don't want any specifics about what you're actually going to return the timing. But maybe can talk cash you think you need to here on the business?. Of course, been talking importance tax reform over the years, because we believe beneficial to U.S. economy. As I said we be discussing capital allocation plans when we our March results. And when you at our track record of we’ve done over last several years, you’ve seen that effectively were returning to investors essentially about of our cash flow. And then, maybe could you talk a little bit you’re hearing from customers terms the iPhone demand. thinking the decay rate, for lack of a better term, with the high-end phones and over $1,000 phone that with now your ability to ship phones down below because you’ve expanded the product line much when you your phones in. iPhone across all the geographic segments was in the double-digits. think as Luca said earlier, when you change that an average weekly sales basis, 22%. iPhone X was the most popular and that’s particularly noteworthy given didn’t start shipping until early for a while. The most important thing is that the number, it’s customer satisfaction. customer satisfaction is off the charts on iPhone X. the the overall iPhone line to get to the essence of the question, think. In Urban China and the U.S., the top smartphones quarter were all iPhones. double-digits of a large revenue base is. But if look March guidance, it does assume slower growth in total revenue, as well as, I think on my math, iPhone when you compare it to December quarter. So just how we read into a slowdown in average growth as relates to the last question around the decay demand higher. So when you put things in perspective and you of growth we had in quarter and the $7 billion $9 billion that guiding to the second quarter, you're talking $17 to $19 billion of growth six. typically go into this level of but think it's important this quarter to give you additional. And maybe two most important messages are that we believe iPhone revenue will grow double as compared to last year, during March quarter. And also importantly that iPhone sell-through growth a year-over-year will be actually accelerating during March quarter as to the. Let explain the factors that we took into consideration we came up our iPhone units and that are in guidance. Historically, because the channel fill and the season, our selling during the quarter is generally than sell-through. This year, difference was further magnified, because we shipped X in November than September quarter. We were able to reach supply/demand balance in placed the entirety of our channel fill for iPhone X Q1 and will have an effect on both units. We typically reduced channel for our newest iPhones in Q2, because they very large demand the weeks of sales, which are by the holiday season in. know, products this year have a higher ASP than they in past. so as result, as we reduce inventories of these newest products, the overall ASPs for iPhone in will naturally sequentially by a percentage than we. in summary, our guidance for iPhone; we got double digit year-over-year growth of sell-through growth a year-over-year basis. For the of the Company, in the aggregate, we expect to grow strong year-over-year and particularly performance in service in like we’ve during the quarter. And so you can just comment how you that flows over the next of the weaker dollar. Certainly, weaker dollar in the long term, it will be a positive but it's not something going be seeing translating gross margin tailwind quickly. We also to keep in mind that we to experience a difficult we think is going to start improving as we the second half of our fiscal. When think conceptually about the path for X Style devices forward. Is there any reason the roadmap wouldn’t consists of multiple devices as we’ve with past iPhone upgrades?. In other words, the 10 was unique amongst iPhone launches, because it's a device, potentially limiting the shots on for given limited options. I think at the we really comment on future products. And then how you're about AR beyond iPhone?. do see Apple as a provider of a larger ecosystem of AR-enabled beyond coming years?. We a lot of energy on AR removing very. commented on how your install based the last couple years has grown. iPhone largest of and so iPhone base is probably growing close to number perhaps last, it 20% through 25%. Yet, if we look at iPhone unit growth for fiscal what’s implied with your guidance fiscal ’17 and fiscal ’16, it’s relatively flat. have an base that’s 20% plus higher, and unit growth that relatively flat, which would suggest that your your elongating. Isn’t also something that investors potentially be concerned about in terms of its impact upgrade rate going forward?. up investors to what they to focus on, so I want to put myself in the position that. The or the previously owned market has expanded in over the years. would like to point out that the ever year major product a high on the active install. that’s iPad, it’s Mac and those are huge numbers as well. And so we’ve always said, there is a large part of -- or the majority of services are mapped to base instead of sales. We it because we thought it thing do for our customers. that we should think about the tax rate an ongoing basis?. And just back to you on your response, Tim, guess maybe you just comment on whether you believe upgrade rate has decreased over last of years, because just base growing 20 units relatively flat that period. Isn't install -- upgrade rate is going down, or I not about other. And I think we're going be receiving, over the next few months, guidance. taken provisional estimates coming with our tax entries the quarter, we will have do that as we go forward here during the year. that for the current fiscal year, the that we for Q2 should approximately you should seeing. get into fiscal year, so many things change we need to that into account, the mix of our products and on. I think on the cycle, Toni, the answer is, probably looks different by. love the 1.3 billion you us, updating from two years ago. I think you're asking, are more active users today than there were two years ago when we 1 billion active. We’re not releasing a user we think that the proper look it is to look at active. It is so this product cycle, particularly with the iPhone only starting in that we do not feel we have at this point that be very share. that this doesn't look like a super-cycle in of unit growth, you to focus on the size of the the here?. is important, think active devices are hugely important that's reason that the number two ago, and reason we’re that today. That speaks to strength the product loyalty the customer, strength of the ecosystem. so we do put a lot of behind that. So I have long believed that on 90 day clock on unit sales is surface way to Apple. think that the far bigger thing is look over a longer period of time. satisfaction and engagement and number of active devices are all part of that. HomePod is an incredible that a unbelievable audio experience in a very small form factor a digital assistant in Siri an enormous of music. further, because we think do right from home app instead of seeing. It also, obviously, also do things with HomePod like use it a speaker phone. And so I think the cases on this much like our will broad based. people will it significantly for music others may use it significantly for as a assistance; I think the majority will use all of it and use all the functionality of it. think double-digit year-over-year but essentially in line to what saw in. would have thought that would have accelerated a little bit with iPhone X. And so though reporting similar year-over-year growth for Greater China, if you change that reporting to average weekly which is much better way to look at it, there a really nice acceleration. this quarter as reported are 11% increase for Greater China year-over-year but on average weekly revenue we up 19%. Also Mainland China, we had an all-time for in Mainland China. And as I’ve mentioned before, Kantar reported that the top smartphones in urban China were. And you look at the other -- we obviously share for iPhone in the quarter, but we grew share iPad and Mac during the quarter wearables were strong there the quarter. you talked about reducing Apple's net cash levels to effectively over that implies -- the number goes from $163 billion today to something zero. And does this change your thoughts M&A at all, one reason to get that number $163 billion to zero. And the thought process is always to something that allows us to accelerate our product filling in our portfolio, new experience customers. I said, we will talk about capital allocation plans when we report the March and that will include talking about timeframes pace so on.