 Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Apple Incorporated Quarter Fiscal Year Earnings Conference. Speaking first is Apple CEO Cook, and be followed by CFO Luca Maestri, that we'll open the call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding margin, expenses, other income and taxes business outlook. For more information, refer to the risk discussed in Apple's Form for 2014, the Form for the three quarters of 2015 the form 8-K with the SEC along with the associated press release. are a very strong finish to a record breaking year and I’d like to on some of highlights. completed our fiscal year in September, and are proud to report revenue of $234 increase of 28% and $51 over. We made huge inroads into emerging generating over $79 billion in revenue and growing despite very strong headwinds from foreign exchange. In the past 12 months around the world sold over 300 million devices including 231 million iPhones, 55 million iPads and 21 million Macs setting new unit records increasing our for both iPhone Mac. generated over $53 billion dollars in net income and grew earnings per share by. We almost $50 billion shareholders through dividends and repurchases while continuing to invest confidently research and development, marketing and distribution, our retail and online stores, our supply chain our. the year a high note with a record breaking September quarter including sales of 48 iPhones beating expectations up 22%. Momentum iPhone 6 iPhone 6 Plus remained very strong across the quarter and we established a launch record iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus near the end of the quarter. are seeing strong interest the world and we’ve been great feedback from customers love the iPhone’s new features including 3D touch, photos, the new iSight camera, and the powerful new A-9 iPhone 6s. We exited the quarter demand for our iPhones exceeding supply but we’ve made good progress with our ramp in the initial of. sold an all time record 5.7 million Macs continuing defy the negative in the global personal computer market which estimates by. The App Store set new all-time quarterly both the number of transacting customers and overall revenue. The strong of the App Store helped fuel $5.1 billion in services also an all-time record. We released Watch OS 2 in September way for a whole new class native apps that are faster and advantage of the hardware Apple such the microphone, speaker and the heart rate. Today, there over 13,000 apps in the Watch Store including over 1300 native apps such as Facebook messenger, MLB At Bat Runkeeper and the number growing rapidly. I personally heard who credit Watch with saving their lives and customers are new applications all the time in day to day. in Greater China nearly doubled year-over-year we continue to focus and invest heavily there. Saturday we opened new store, our 25th in China to a very and we are on track to achieve our goal of stores by the middle next year. Yesterday, we started orders for the all new and it was a huge day for this exciting product. People are already more TV through today and we think apps represent the future of TV. Apple Music has set a completely new standard, redefining and the best ways to enjoy music in a single immersive app. We are thrilled to bring Apple Music to China beginning quarter along with iTunes, iBooks and we are offer such great new and diverse content to large highly engaged and rapidly growing customer base. also looking forward to Apple Music to the new Apple TV beginning this. Pay is seeing digit growth in transaction month after month and we continue to add major businesses including Starbucks will roll out Apple Pay to all its in 2016. Pay now merchant rewards programs as well and popular retailers that coming online in the few weeks. We are thrilled to announce today that are partnering with American Express to bring Apple Pay to eligible customers in key global markets so even can secure and private way. will be available to eligible American Express customers in in Canada year and is expected to expand Spain, Singapore and in 2016. Nearly million people are Apple news and we’ve been getting very feedback from the. We have now more than 70 publishers representing hundreds titles we’re happy that news just launched in the Australia partners as the BBC, NewsCorp, Times, Daily the Broadcasting. And finally, we making great strides in the market, announcing a new strategic partnership with Cisco in September while furthering our IBM in building partners program. We that enterprise markets accounted for about billion in annual revenue in the last 12 months, 40% over the prior year and they major growth vector the. like to thank our talented and incredibly hardworking employees, our and our business world and course our loyal customers for making 2015 most successful. great to conclude record fiscal 2015 with strongest September quarter. for the quarter was $51.5 billion, an increase $9.4 billion 22% over year. Our growth was driven by the tremendous performance of iPhone, the expanded availability of Watch and all time services revenue Mac. these outstanding results despite and persisting weakness in foreign rates around the world affected all our geographic segments and this makes our year-over-year growth rates more. In constant currency, our the fourth quarter would have been basis points higher. We once again reported very strong numbers in Greater China with revenue growing 99% year-over-year to $12.5. Emerging performance was strong overall up 65% company for the quarter. Operating margin was 28.4% of revenue and income was $11.1 billion, a quarter record. Diluted earnings per share were $1.96, a 38% increase and cash flow from operations fourth quarter record. We 48 million in the quarter, up 22% year over year with strong around the world throughout the. Total iPhone sales were up in Mainland China and grew over 35% in South Asia and increased by 20% in several markets the world Germany and Italy. increase of $67 year-over-year, thanks to more favorable mix and in spite of the very significant negative to earlier. We increased iPhone channel less than 2 million in order to our new product launch at the very end of September. We exited the quarter with demand exceeding and channel inventory below our target range of 5 7. We sold 5.7 million Macs, which is an all quarterly record and represents 3% year-over-year. Mac growth was driven primarily by the great customer response our new MacBook and of MacBook Pro also remained strong. We ended the quarter below our 4 to 5 week range for channel. We exited the quarter below our 5 to 7 week range of channel. from NPD indicates that iPad 73% share of the U.S. for tablets priced above $200. In September we announced a new strategic partnership with Cisco to optimize their networks for devices with a goal providing iOS mobile users with great performance advantage over mobile platforms. Also, during the September quarter, IBM released new mobile first for iOS apps in healthcare, financial services, travel and transportation and industrial sectors, including new apps leveraging iOS 9 and OS 2. Our partner program also continues to grow with more 25 new partners added in September quarter bringing total to over 65 and already seeing some great stories with this program. For example, with the Bloomberg professional app, more than 325,000 financial professionals will be able to use iPad Pro to gain instant global finance and business news, market data and portfolio and trading tools. We generated $5.1 billion in revenue, a new all-time record, and an increase 10% over last year mainly due to strong growth from. The revenue the App Store increased 25% and the number transacting customers grew 18%, also an all-time record. particularly impressive in China, where Apple App Store revenue grew by 127% year-over-year. The momentum behind the App Store in China has been tremendous with huge interest from and customers alike. developer in China has grown dramatically in the last with over 1 million members in our program. Revenue from other products grew strongly up 61% over last year, thanks to the growing contribution from Apple Watch. We expanded Apple Watch distribution significantly over the course of the it was at almost locations in 32 countries at quarter. Our retail and online stores had a very busy quarter. fiscal 2016, we to open or replace 40 and stores and we continue to place particular emphasis on China where we of next year. Customers have been interested in the iPhone upgrade offered in our U.S. retail stores. iPhone upgrade program gives customer a connected device an easy convenient way to get a new phone every year with low monthly payments to a third lender along with the security and protection of AppleCare Plus. After making 12 or more installment payments, customers can upgrade to a new. First, relative to the iPhone upgrade program that I just mentioned, we will be reducing revenue at time of sale the cost associated the program and of revenue software non software services each iPhone sold. Second, in September based on an of market offerings we reduced the estimated selling price of software upgrade rights and non software services that we defer for each iOS and sold, the reduction is and $10 unit. Third, also in September we lengthened the time period over which the deferred revenue to iPads will be from years to three years. We ended the quarter with $205.7 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase $2.8. In the September quarter, we issued a total of $5.8 billion of term debt, consisting of 1.25 billion British pound denominated notes, 2.25 billion Australian and billion euro notes. We very active in the market during the and returned $17 billion to our. We paid $3 billion in dividends and equivalents and we spent $14 billion to almost 122 million Apple shares through open market. we move into December quarter, I like to review our outlook which the of looking information that referred to at the beginning the call. We expect revenue be between $75.5 and $77.5 billion compared year ago. In light of December quarter guidance, firmly low single digit revenue what looks increasingly tough heading into the March how do you get comfortable that Apple isn’t on the verge of [ex] [ph] growth for the first time in a. that iPhone will grow in Q1 and we base on we are seeing from we recorded highest on record for Android switches last quarter at. also look at the number of people that upgraded, that were in the installed base prior to 6 and 6. if I out and look at China, before and just make the once again is enormous change in China over the several years. study I have seen Mackenzie indicates if you look back five China’s middle class had about 50 people in it. look five years, it will ten times that number it. -- and I like are reasonably well positioned China, I’m sure we can do better, but think we doing fairly there. It’s - my view is that of a transitional of thing we invest for the long term, invest Apple’s. a new record again last quarter and the growth seems to be really great there. I’m really with the early of Apple Music the people moving from the free to the music. Just as a follow-up on growth, if you look at services companies, Amazon, they're all growing over 20% and it's largely driven activity of Apple users on. Do you feel like there is more that Apple can to participate in that services growth or to that tied to device cycles?. App is over 20%, it grew 25% last and so we very good that. I also out that some of these upgrade are in the market, they of to look more like a business of the way they. Tim, you just touched on as reducing the upgrades, but how you think about the iPhone cycle the next few years, obviously the from carrier’s in the program. And then lastly, you mentioned some of accounting related the upgrade program. And that, if you look at we that it would have a positive in replacement cycles. We do like the that it creates a market an iPhone at price point well is a better product customer currently buying which would further help an ecosystem point of that's to be. seems like that from a rollout point of view -- will see these plans offered in significant way in the States already, plans are offered in some derivation in over countries in the. we put it all is something has more measurable impact on business two, three quarters down road, the right to think about it?. think about it being – there were some clearly that were offered prior to cycle. I think the investor concern is that Q1 will benefit at least on year over year basis from weeks of in. so I the concern is December is a structurally quarter in the sense of from of those on basis. But if look out beyond December, wouldn't that point notably lower seasonal growth than March quarter. And how we think about the factors unit the December quarter?. do that the sort of the macro things that I about earlier, the programs, the Android rate, the iPhone in the markets and the in these these trends one quarter. And just on the follow-up, the reported gains from currency hedging in fiscal year 2015 were significant, billion contribution the company. And this is not an Apple's specific issue, Luca as you pointed out several times, but how do of currency hedges effectively rolling off and with hedges that are have less of an impact. we think that impact the P&L on a go forward basis, perhaps starting with Q1, but qualitatively directionally the course the year?. think my conclusion is that the that we're providing for the 39% to actually an level of guidance the that dealing. In some cases have realign prices particularly when launch new products. the first as you know not guiding and so we'll over the course of the year. on the enterprise business, $25 billion I you said, it was up year-over-year. product point of view, we'd actually been continuing to change and improve IOS for some. And so I do not envision Apple's having enterprise sales force will certainly make – we continue some people more on the engineering side, but I envision having a large force. you look China, we from an iPhone point of view, China, we 87% the market for. the number one selling smartphone in Mainland, China last quarter and number three. That said, I don't think it’s growing as fast as but I Apple's results are largely dependent minor than growth. I mean, you really tell the difference, if look at sort of our daily weekly numbers. I was very impressed with the the developers I week of the in stores are enthusiastically. We'll go to Steve Milunovich with UBS Steve Milunovich Tim, I to talk about two sources of selling to current customers and selling to new customers. terms selling to current customers you indicated about a of base is moved to the sixth. as people talk that been a upgrade cycle and is the six has have incrementally, not that a bigger number, I would would be bigger than that. And then on the other side in terms of new customers, just wanted number, are saying that 30% of iPhone shipments in the went to switchers IOS. do that you could actually have more new customers to Apple fiscal than you fiscal 2015. What this is that for customers to an last quarter and replace the that 30% of those an device. so what that and that is the largest that we've ever since we measuring it years ago. In terms of versus 2015 new customers, it's hard to. I it I believe that the upgrade plans that are out there I've mentioned it me on the. that's not something that we're going see this quarter next quarter, but it seems it’s going happen a year for now so. for the customer because many of them want to upgrade on basis and they can this very, very simply. add a lot people to the ecosystem and if you in the emerging markets, like, nobody is asking about iPad on. But if you look at iPad as just an example, in 68% of purchased an iPad was first tablet they've and have never owned Apple product. And keep in we have a good history of of people buy one have a great experience. Simona, we've made a of price changes during the course of. What we've in a normal of these markets, we've seen that iPhone sales have very and that shown our rates. recently we've adjusted some prices around world for launch of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. increase the world, it's normal to see some impact on sales rates, so we were encouraged the response. And so you look at China as an example, over 50% of bought 6 Plus were their first iPhone. I guess, first could you talk about the gross margin dynamic as go from September to the midpoint on 20 basis. I think the last five years that's only happen once the gross margin is going down fiscal. Can you just about what the dynamic what area the headwinds that you think that gross margins being done December?. On the other hand, of course we launching a lot of new products. We have a very good track record to reduce those but every time we a new product that is a headwind at the beginning of the for gross. just your statement on iPhone growth in fiscal is that. at iPhone 6 today, and add iPhone 6 and compare that to year’s 5s we are doing better, at that price point than we previously. And that is something that we would always -- sort of in our mind that one day from a point view we would like to as possible for the customer. But there are many plans and search what buy, that they to come in for several times love to have automated and working with our service providers. A replay of today's call will be for two as a podcast the iTunes store, as webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone.