 day, everyone, and welcome to the Apple Incorporated second quarter year 2016 earnings conference call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would to turn the call to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. first is Apple CEO Cook, and he'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, other income taxes, business outlook, and plans capital debt issuance. For more information, refer to the risk discussed in Apple's Form for 2015, the Form 10-Q for first quarter of 2016, the Form 8-K with the SEC along with the associated press release. addition, comments will refer to a metric as purchase value of services to our installed base. Today we're reporting results of very challenging quarter, and we're also an to capital return program. Revenue for quarter was $50.6 billion, which was within our guidance range. We saw currency weakness in the vast majority of our international. currency, our declined by 9% from last year, 400 basis points less than the decline of 13%. Our installed base of over 1 billion active devices continued to grow strongly. We added a huge number of switchers and new-to-Mac customers, we generated strong growth. sold million iPhones in the quarter, consistent with the range of own but lower than the year-ago quarter when we saw acceleration in upgrades and 40% sales growth over the previous. provide additional color, iPhone sales come from three sources: customers who upgrade from previous iPhone models; customers who switch from Android and other operating systems; and customers who purchase a smartphone for first time. As we look each of these three of iPhone sales, we see a business that is healthy strong. A recent Kantar survey of U.S. smartphone purchasers indicated a 95% iPhone loyalty rate, the highest ever measured for any. Second, we continue to see a very high level of customers switching to from and other systems. And third, with only 42% smartphone penetration of the global handset market today, is still attracting millions of smartphone buyers each quarter, from emerging markets. example, in India our iPhone were up from a year ago. Next like to talk about Services, was our second largest revenue-generating category during the quarter. aside amount we received from a settlement in December quarter, the March quarter Services was highest ever. App Store revenue was up 35% to beat quarter's all-time record. And Apple Music continues to grow in popularity, with over 13 million paying subscribers today. We feel really great about the early of first subscription business, our Music revenue has now hit an inflection after many of. business is powered by our huge installed base of active devices, which 1 billion units earlier this year. As we discussed on call in those 1 billion-plus active are a source of recurring that is growing independent the unit shipments report every months. In fact, purchase value services tied to installed base was a record $9.9 billion in the quarter, up 27% over from 24% growth rate we reported in December quarter. The reach of Apple Pay also continues to following a very successful launch China in the March last week's rollout in Singapore. Apple Pay is growing at a tremendous rate, with more than five times volume of a year ago and 1 million new per week. Turning to the Mac, we met our sell-in expectations in addition to channel by about 100,000 units. Overall, the Mac continues to attract a large percentage of customers. latest survey of major markets, over half of buyers were new to Mac. in countries, the percentage is extremely high, like in over 80% of customers were a Mac for the first time. in our Mac business and our ability to continue innovate and gain in that area. Turning the Apple unit sales met our expectations the quarter. For some on how we think Apple Watch sales, we expect its seasonality to be similar to historical seasonality iPod, which generated or more of its sell-through in the December quarter. shipping Apple Watch just one year and it has become the best-selling loved smartwatch in the. fact, sales of Apple Watch during its first exceeded sales of iPhone in its first year. we refreshed the lineup the spring with new bands and a new point, the response customers been great. We're really excited about the first year with Apple Watch. We announced fantastic new products during March. IPhone SE became on March 31, so of its were reflected in our quarter results. But so far this quarter we're seeing terrific customer response. IPhone SE is the most powerful four-inch phone ever, and it's a great for customers over the world who want a compact with features and a compromising performance. been and exceeds supply at this point, but we're working hard get the iPhone SE into the hands of every customer who wants one quickly as possible. In the June quarter, we expect to see best iPad revenue in over years. Customers tell us that they love iPad for its unique of portability, capability, and versatility, with over 1 million iPad apps in the App to help them play, and create. We announced CareKit, a new software framework developers can use to help people take more active role their health by keeping track their care plans, monitoring their symptoms medication, and delivering insights need to make smart. We're very excited about the ways iPhone and Apple Watch are people lead healthier lives. As we continue through the June quarter, like that we measure the health of demand based sell-through. Despite ending within our channel targets, in light the macroeconomic we plan lower our channel in the June quarter. We've made 15 acquisitions in the last four quarters to our product and Services roadmaps, and we're always the lookout for companies with technology, talent, and strategic. Creating value for shareholders by great products and that enrich people's always be our top priority the key factor driving our investment and capital allocation decisions. our business continues generate levels of free cash flow, are in fortunate position to expand capital return again have done each year since we started the four ago. Today we're announcing an extension of the timeframe of program by quarters through March of 2018, we are expanding total program from $200 to billion. Luca has details on announcement and results for the March quarter. the quarter landed within guidance range of $50.6 billion compared to $58 billion in year-ago quarter, a of 13%. As we had expected, our to last year influenced by the continued strength of the dollar against currencies. As Tim said, in currency, our revenue declined by 9%. On a geographic in Asia, our revenue grew strongly in Japan, but it declined in China and the rest of. We significant channel inventory reductions currency weakness, which affected our reported revenue for both these. In Mainland China, revenue was down 11%, the decline was in constant currency terms. in mind that we up against an extremely difficult compare when our China revenue grew 81%. optimistic about the China market over long term, and are committed to there for the long. Gross margin was 39.4%, near the high of our guidance range, thanks to cost performance. Operating margin 27.7% of revenue, and net income $10.5 billion. 51.2 million iPhones in quarter compared to 61.2 million in year-ago quarter, a decline of. It a particularly challenging comparison to the record quarter a year ago, iPhone sales grew 40%, as we entered last March quarter in imbalance, which was recovered during. We have exited the quarter within our seven-week target for channel. ASP was $642 to $659 in the year-ago quarter, with international currencies and very popular mid-tier and offerings contributing to the difference over year. iPhone's business markets continues to be very impressive. A recent survey by 451 Research, formerly as ChangeWave, found that among U.S. corporate buyers planning purchase smartphones the June quarter, 78% plan to purchase iPhones. the highest June quarter iPhone purchase intent ever by the and five points higher than a ago. Turning to Services, we generated $6 billion in revenue, an increase 20% over the March last year, thanks primarily to the continued performance of the App with growing 35% to new all-time. App Annie, the App Store generated 90% global revenue than Google Play in the March quarter, up from 75% lead in. Among our who purchased apps and content from our iTunes Store's, the average spent per reached a new all-time record in the quarter. 4 million Macs compared to 4.6 million last year, a decline of. It was a quarter personal computer sales across the industry, but we believe we gained. We our customers are going to this update. We ended the quarter within our four-week to five-week range for channel. Turning to we sold 10.3 million units compared to 12.6 million units the year-ago. We also reduced channel about 200,000 and exited the quarter within our five-week to seven-week target. from NPD indicates that iPad 78% share of the U.S. for tablets priced above $200. And the latest data published by IDC indicates that accounts for of the commercial tablet market, comprising business, government, education. And among consumers planning purchase a tablet within next six months, 59% plan purchase an iPad, times purchase intention rate of the next highest brand measured. buyers reported a 94% satisfaction for iPad, and the June quarter purchase intent of 71%. Revenue from other products grew 30% over last year thanks to Apple Watch. We have expanded distribution to 60 countries and introduced bands in beautiful new colors for spring, so customers can personalize their watches in more ways with a range colors, styles, and. We continued broad industry of native iOS apps to transform how professionals do their work and serve their. We ended the quarter with $232.9 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase $17.2. We exited the March quarter with $72 billion term. We returned $10 billion to investors during the quarter, including $2.9 billion in dividends and equivalents and billion on repurchases of million Apple shares through open market. As Tim mentioned, today we are announcing update to program, which we increasing to total of $250 billion. Given our strong confidence in Apple's future the we see in our stock, the board increased the share authorization $35 billion, it the current $140 billion level to billion. We also know that the dividend is important many of investors who value income, and are raising it for time than four. We continue to plan for annual dividend increases going. In total, with updated program, during next eight we to $87 billion to our investors, which about 15% of market cap at current stock price. As in the past, we expect to fund our capital return program with U.S. cash, future U.S. cash flow generation, borrowing from both and debt markets. move ahead the June quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, includes types forward-looking information that Nancy referred to the beginning of call. The revenue guidance implies a year-over-year as we lap an incredibly strong June quarter last year where grew due in part to iPhone upgrade purchases. This tough compare is compounded the continued weak macro environment year and strong U.S. dollar, which our revenue growth in international markets. The guidance also reflects a range of possible related to how quickly we can get into supply/demand balance for iPhone SE. to these our expected demand is greater the revenue range. implies a revenue decline of 15% to 19%, which comparable to the 17% sequential that we've averaged the March to quarter for three I described. We expect seasonal sequential declines in iPhone and iPad sales and a sequential increase in Mac. We know our revenue guidance falls short of market estimates the third. We expect continued cost improvements to be more than offset by the sequential of leverage from lower revenue and a different mix of. My first question was actually just clarification in terms of putting context that channel inventory. bigger Tim, was with the smartphone market now reaching a mature growth how Apple think of going forward?. let give you the data points on the sell-through, and then I'll answer strategic question. had a channel inventory reduction that was worth a than $800 million a. hi, it's Tim. In terms of do I the smartphone is mature, think that the market, you is currently not growing. reason that we're optimistic is we at the places that iPhone sales come from. And from upgrade point view as I in my comments, we compare slightly than the that we saw on iPhone 5s. than the iPhone 6, but I think that was an extraordinary that accelerated upgrades 2016 into 2015. we we're extremely excited that for the first we a record from switchers from other platforms, the we've ever in six-month period before, so we've got there. And then on markets, if you take a look at we grew by 56%, and we're placing increasing emphasis it's clear there will be versus the more areas. thing is with the iPhone SE, we have seen our ability attract more customers into the platform product that at a price point for us with the latest and so optimistic about even customers with that. of first, we're always looking in the market things that could things that we do today, become in something we do, allow us to entry into a category that excited about. And so continue to look and stay very active in M&A market. Tim, could you a little bit about the ASP trends?. specifically, you mentioned the iPhone SE is going impact it. for Luca, can a little bit about the Services segment terms what piece of the is driving growth, maybe little bit the profitability a net versus a gross basis that to in. Gene, I think the iPhone SE is attracting two types customers. both of these markets are very, important to us, and we're really excited about where it take us. think that will be happy with new-to-iPhone customers that see from here because of early returns we've had. It's the fact that we having entering the mix, and that obviously is to have downward pressure ASP. And also this channel reduction that about, obviously the channel inventory reduction will come from and that is also affecting the sequential on ASPs. on Services, we look at our Services it's obviously very well across the board. The biggest the part the Services business that is growing very we mentioned is the App Store. interesting us our business, which had been declining for a that we have both a model a streaming model, we an inflection point. We an iCloud business is very quickly, than App Store from a much lower base, but think it's important us as continue to these. a meaningful financial this point, but as look at the of that are going through Apple Pay right now and we ahead for long that be an interesting business for us. From a profitability standpoint, had last time when you look at it on so in terms of services, profitability of the business similar to company. Of course, when you net out the amount that is developers you look at it in terms of is reported our P&L, obviously that a that is than company average. Luca, this is the worst gross margin guide in a year and a half or so. And over the last couple of quarters, you've talked a number of tailwinds, including deferrals that went into in September. the question are some of those tailwinds winding down, is the significant guide down in gross the June quarter entirely to iPhone SE?. Katy, clearly the commodity environment quite favorable, and we continue to cost improvements. Obviously, what is different and as it on a sequential out the March we will have lots of leverage, is to have a negative on margins. And particularly when at iPhone, what I was mentioning to Gene earlier, I of things that ASPs, but obviously also affect margins. And the fact that had a channel reduction at end of the and we've got introduction of the iPhone SE level range. thank you, and a for Tim. I appreciate the optimism around iPhone growth, but with developed market 60% to 80%, the growth is going to have to come new. we expect Apple have more distribution and specifically your own stores that country?. short term, let me just make a couple of comments on the developed to make sure is clear. look our installed base of iPhone today versus two years it's increased 80%. As I about it in the comments, iPhone 6s upgrade rate is slightly higher than iPhone but than the 6. the nut the that I think there's still really, business in the markets, I want to those off. And it's our jobs to come up with great products that desire, and also to continue to attract Android switchers. worldwide share, there's still quite a bit of in the developed markets well. in India now for a years or more, but we've working with energy the last 18 months so, and I'm encouraged by the that we're beginning to see there, and a lot, lot more. as where maybe seven to ten ago from that point of view, think there's a really great there. My sense is that you talked about adjusting for the changes in inventory, that you're guiding sequential. And I think if you do the math, it's probably the same or perhaps a worse in terms unit sequentially to seasonality fiscal Q2 Q3. I the question is, given that you should be entering new markets and see pronounced elasticity the iPhone SE device, why we be seeing dramatically above normal seasonal in revenues units this. you could push back on me, but I can't help thinking that Apple introduced the in a similar move to move there was growth for one and the iPad margins and ASPs down. And it looks like you're introducing the SE, and at least on a sequential you're not calling for uplift even adjusting for channel inventory. Toni, it's Tim. Luca referred to, the vast, vast majority of that is in iPhone, so that would affect unit compare that may be thinking about. so I think it be the iPad mini?. I think the tablet market in general, one of the tablet is that replacement is materially different than smartphone. And as you probably know, we an in customer on the iPad. And haven't had an issue usage of iPad. But consumer behavior there is you tend to hold on for a very of time before upgrade. We continue be very optimistic on the iPad. had said in remarks, we believe we're going to have the compare for this that have had in some time. But I iPhone a particularly different of cycle to it than the market. And I can up, Tim, you alluded to the iPad the iPhone. My sense was when you were through the iPhone cycle was that you had that the upgrade was not materially different. think your characterization was that it accelerated a bit in U.S. but international had to be a bigger part of business, and replacement cycles a bit. the cycle was this year relative what you saw last year, how would your results have this and the half?. The iPhone upgrade cycle that we've measured for the first half this year, the first months of our fiscal year to be precise, is better than the rate saw the iPhone 5s years ago, lower than the iPhone. Now the news – the great news from my point is I think strategically positioned very because announced the SE. One, Tim, can talk a bit about what's on in China?. revenue I think was down 26%. if you could, talk about some of you're seeing there how think it's and maybe thoughts on iPhone SE adoption China as well. for the question. that driven shopping, and trading down significantly compared to what it was in ago. so I back up from this and look the larger picture, I think China not weak as been about. so we to be optimistic about and just would ask folks to underneath numbers at the details of them concluding anything. my second question is with regard OpEx leverage or about I look the revenue, your revenue is below our expectations, but is pretty line. how you thinking about for leverage, don't know, cost containment when macro is bad and is under pressure?. so when at our results, for example, our OpEx the quarter, the March was up which is the rate that seen in years. You continued significant research and because we really believe that's the future of the. We continue to invest in initiatives and projects ahead of. do more in-house technology development to do a few years ago, which we is a great investment for us to. And that part we really need and we want to invest in the business. then at our SG&A portion of OpEx for the quarter, it actually down slightly. So obviously, we about it, and course we at our revenue measures accordingly. when you look at the guidance that we provided for the quarter, 10% year-over-year I mentioned to for the quarter goes to a of 7% 9% up. that is incredibly competitive in industry, and want to continue to keep it that way. you view going forward as primary driver of earnings, or you it you mentioned platforms in terms of your systems, would with. So it's great that it's growing, but longer term, I view its role as more creating ecosystem supports the margins on hardware as independently earnings. The most important thing for us, Steve, that want have a great customer experience. so we last and working to that that we should pull the curtain so people could – could the Services in terms of the scale of it and the of it. As we earlier, the of the base services grew by 27% during the which was an over the quarter. then going back to the upgrades installed base, clearly mentioned that you've pulled some demand, which makes sense. think perceive that maybe the marginal improvements on the phone might be less and could be less forward. the same time, I you just announced that can get upgrade program online, I potentially could shorten it. believe that upgrade cycles are currently lengthening and can continue to so?. If you to the iPhone 5s, what we're seeing is the is slightly higher or there more people upgrading, if you will, in time period in terms of than the 5s. And so I think it on reference points. And so think in retrospect, you look at it and say, maybe the appropriate is more the iPhone and I think everybody that the were accelerated with iPhone 6. As you think about where were going to head last quarter you reported us and how it's changed obviously this of a disappointing environment. I think, Rod, you're asking about trough comment, if you will, from last quarter. And we made that, we did not contemplate or make a $2 billion-plus reduction channel inventory this quarter. And so if you factor that in at customer demand, is the that we look at it internally, I think a more reasonable comparison. Treasury obviously has made some rule and I maybe if, Luca, could comment on what impact to Apple from those if anything; and, Tim, more broadly, you see the tax situation for Apple looking forward?. As you we are largest U.S. by a margin, and we already pay full U.S. on all the profits the sales that the States. reform, maybe I can continue, and I'll let Tim more color, but we've been strong advocates for comprehensive corporate in this country. We think a reform the code would have significant benefits economy, and remain optimistic that we're to get to a point where we see that tax. The only would add, Rod, is I think there are a growing of people in both parties would like so I'm optimistic it will occur. Rod. A replay of today's call will be available for weeks as a on the iTunes Store and webcast on Apple.com/investor and via telephone.