 Good day, everyone, and welcome to this Apple Incorporated Third Quarter Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. first today is Apple Tim Cook, and he'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding margin, expenses, other income and taxes, business outlook. For more information, refer to the risk discussed in Apple's Form for 2016, for first two quarters 2017, the Form 8-K with the SEC along with the associated press release. Today we're to announce very strong results for our fiscal third quarter, with and revenue growth all of our categories. We'll review our performance in detail, and also like talk about some of the major announcements we made in June at our Developers Conference. It our biggest and best ever, and advances we introduced hardware, software, services will help us to delight our customers extend competitive this fall and well future. For the quarter, total revenue at the high end of our guidance range at $45.4 billion. That's an of 7% over last year, so our growth has accelerated in three successive quarters this. Gross margin was also at the high end our guidance, we generated a increase in per share. were impressive, with especially strong demand at the high end of our lineup. 7 was our most iPhone, and sales of iPhone 7 Plus were dramatically compared to iPhone 6s Plus in the of last year. revenue hit an all-time quarterly record of $7.3 billion, representing 22% over last year. We continue see great performance all around the world, double-digit growth in each of our geographic. We had very positive results for iPad, with broad-based growth in units, revenue, market. We achieved highest global market share in over four years based on IDC's latest estimate of tablet market results for June. And in markets like China and Japan, over half of iPads sold were to people buying their very first iPad. The new iPad we launched in March offers value and performance. And the all-new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, in June, features the world's most advanced display ProMotion technology and is more powerful than. iPad is the perfect tool for teaching in new and ways, and our iPad results especially strong in the U.S. education where sales were up over year to over units. 1,000 K-12 schools across the United States plan to use Apple's Everyone Code in their. I'd like to turn now to Mac, which gained global unit market share and reached new June quarter sales records mainland China and Japan. Mac revenue grew year over year, driven by the strength of the MacBook Pro and iMac despite latest estimate a 4% unit contraction in the global PC market. Sales of Watch were up 50% in the it's the number one smartwatch in the world a very wide margin. We have increased production for AirPods and are working very to get to customers as quickly as can, but we still not able to meet the strong level of. We made some big announcements during the June quarter that I'd like to quickly. We've earmarked least $1 billion for this program, aimed at helping our manufacturing develop innovative production capabilities create high-skill jobs in the United States. We this can lay the foundation for a era technology-driven manufacturing the. The first $200 million from the fund has been committed capital needs, and state-of-the-art glass processing. 11 will make iPhones better than ever with Apple Pay peer-to peer payments, an even more intelligent and natural Siri, new expressive messages with full screen effects, richer more maps, enhanced live photos and memories portrait mode effects, and much, much more. iOS 11 will also take the iPad experience to a whole new level, with features such as a customizable dock, and drop, powerful new more efficient QuickTime, and new markup and scanning capabilities. One of the most exciting and most promising announcements from WWDC was new set of tools developers to create reality. We think ARKit will help the most creative in the industry into the latest computer technologies to build. With hundreds of millions of actively using iPhone and iPad iOS will become the world's biggest augmented reality platform as soon as. With iOS 11, we're also bringing the power of machine learning to all Apple developers with Core ML, enabling capabilities like face object natural language interpretation. Core ML lets developers machine learning technologies into their apps with all processing done right device, so it respects our customers' data and privacy. For Mac, we provided a at the immersive gaming, 3D, and virtual made possible with the upcoming release of macOS High and the amazingly powerful iMac Pro. proud to the best personal computers in the industry very excited deliver even more innovation the months to come. Apple Watch will become intelligent than ever this fall with watchOS4, featuring a proactive coaching, and an entirely new music experience. With deep of music, HomePod is designed to work Music subscription help you enjoy music you already love as as to discover great music, based on your personal. As an intelligent home assistant, is a way to send messages, set timer, get updates on news, sports, and weather, or control smart kit devices by simply asking Siri to the shades, or activate theme. details the June quarter results, I'd like to the call over to Luca. Revenue for June quarter was $45.4 billion, up over last an acceleration the growth rate we reported during the half of fiscal year. We achieved results despite a 200 basis point negative impact foreign exchange year-over-year basis, as currency movements, especially in Europe affected reported. was very strong across the board with in all our product categories almost every market around the. achieved double-digit revenue growth in many developed markets, including the U.S., Canada, Germany, Spain, Australia, and Korea, and emerging outside of Greater China grew 19% over a year. Diluted earnings share were $1.67, up 17% over last year, and cash flow operations was $8.4 billion. During the quarter we sold iPhones and reduced iPhone channel inventory by 3.3 million units, leaving with lowest level of channel inventory in 2.5 years and well within our five-week to target range. were up year-over-year in most markets we track, with markets in Asia, Latin and the East growing unit sales by than 25%. We are very with these iPhone results, especially the tough comparison the June quarter last year when we launched iPhone. ASP was $606, up $595 a year ago, to strong demand for iPhone Plus, which represented a higher percentage of the iPhone mix compared year ago. The of the stronger on ASP was partially offset by negative foreign exchange over year and the reduction in channel inventory, which took entirely at the high of the portfolio. Customer interest and satisfaction with iPhone are very strong with both consumers and business uses. to buy a smartphone, purchase intention for iPhone was nearly three times the rate of our closest. to Services, we set an all-time quarterly record of $7.3 up year over. And according to App latest report, it continues to be by a margin the preferred destination purchases, nearly twice the revenue of Google Play. Revenue our Apple Music streaming service and from iCloud storage also very strongly. The reach, usage, and functionality of Apple Pay continue to grow. Apple Pay is by far the number one NFC payment service on mobile devices, with 90% of transactions globally. Momentum strongest in international markets, where the infrastructure for mobile has developed faster than in U.S. In fact, three out of four Apple Pay transactions happen outside U.S. And the launch iOS 11 this fall, our users the will able to make and receive person-to-person payments quickly, easily, and securely. Thanks to great performance the new MacBook Pro, we 7% revenue growth over last year and gained share in the PC market based the latest data from IDC. satisfaction for Mac is very strong at 97% in the most recent from 451 Research, and our active of Mac has grown over a year ago. We ended the within our four five-week target range for Mac channel we have a great lineup of Macs for into the back-to-school. to iPad, we sold 11.4 million units, up over last year. We were happy to see iPad growth each of our geographic segments, with strong double-digit increases in key such as U.S., Japan, Germany, France, and Greater. We exited the quarter within our five to range for channel. NPD indicates that had 55% share of the U.S. market in the month June, including 8 the best-selling tablets. In addition, the most recent survey 451 Research measured business and consumer satisfaction rates ranging from 95% to 99% iPad models. Our enterprise business continues to expand, and our are transforming the work gets done with iOS and. be deploying than 19,000 iPads for employee training across 50 states, with projections of over 225,000 associates trained on iPad by the end of the year. businesses to iOS and the new iPad Pro has been amazing. SAP has also released SuccessFactors Mobile, its first native iOS app for resources, which will support 47 million iPhone iPad users worldwide industries. We jointly developed programs such as the Connected Store, a of a retail environment, demonstrating iOS tools for sales and demand tailored apps associates, store management, and. also had a tremendous quarter for iPad in education, up 32%. Following the launch of our new iPad in an update to our popular Classroom app, and enhancements to that make managing iPads the classroom easier. iPad was chosen because of its power and durability, of use, multimedia and accessibility features, and the extensive catalog of apps specifically for education. The Shawnee Mission School District outside Kansas City recently purchased 19,000 iPads, extending its One to program started iPad's intuitive interface, superior reliability, and expansive ecosystem of iOS tools for education. It was a very busy quarter for our retail and online which collectively welcomed over 300 visitors. In addition to our spectacular new at the Dubai Mall, we opened our first in Singapore in during the expanding our total store to 497. In May, we kicked off Today at Apple, with new in-store programming from music to photography to and coding. As Tim last quarter, we have entered new chapter retail with unique and rewarding experiences for our customers and some stunning coming in the near future. We ended the quarter with $261.5 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase $4.7. We retired $3.5 billion of debt and issued the equivalent of $10.8 euro and U.S. debt during quarter, including our second to $96.4 debt and $12 billion in commercial. We paid $3.4 billion in dividends and equivalents and spent $4.5 billion on repurchases of 30.4 million Apple through open market. We a new $3 ASR program, in initial delivery and retirement 15.6 million shares, and we retired 3.4 million shares the completion of our 10th ASR during the. move ahead the September quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, includes types forward-looking information that Nancy referred to the beginning of call. limit one question and follow-up. Luca, first question for you, margin guidance strong, but it did down from your June guidance, and you also narrowed the to 50 basis points. terms the range that we for gross margins, we have fairly good on where we are with our and that allows us mitigate some the volatility there. a question for Tim Luca. outlined on this and at the Developer Conference in June, there is unprecedented that either ramped volume launched in the of year. Luca mentioned, we did some transitional in our guidance for the quarter, is typically the case. I think obviously, there continues to be strong demand for smartphones. But perhaps mix shift, I think you brought back the iPhone this quarter be bit more price aggressive. If you look underneath mainland China was flat year-over-year Q3. was flat year-on-year, similar as the market was. the peg to dollar there a view and tourism being what it is, I don't really when market will back. note upgraders both for the quarter actually for the full fiscal to-date our highest and so that felt very good. In terms of WeChat, way that I look at this is because share because iOS share not nearly a of market in China, the fact a people use makes switching opportunity even. that's more the case than the risk that a of folks have out. They've done a great of implementing a lot of iOS apps and we're looking forward working with even more to build greater experiences for our users in. And then can you about the composition of the installed base of at this as obviously we're getting to a refresh?. quantity point of view, the upgrades for this year are the highest that seen. However, if you look it from upgrade rate point view of the absolute number, the rate similar to we saw with previous except for 6, which as we called out in past an abnormally upgrade rate. We continue to people moving over to and helped us making results that Luca announced earlier, including the channel inventory. I think, we all understand that you to within the but you could comment a bit on feel your relationship is with if there certain that you can't cross. Starting the take this question from what doing to increase which is probably it's rooted. do that we have a responsibility in the U.S. to increase economic activity, including because Apple been created. And just a couple months we announced a new curriculum that's focused on community schools and community colleges, junior colleges, technical colleges, kids did not have coding their elementary and high years. And we're excited about because we it could the of the developer community and the quantity. this area in general all the things we do for the developer the largest contribution that Apple can make this is the fastest job segment the and I think be. If you look at the second area, we have purchased or we purchased year about $50 billion of goods services from suppliers. And you may have seen that at the beginning of quarter, sometime in we announced a fund, Advanced Manufacturing that initially placing $1 in. And we purchase that glass essentially it to the world iPhones iPads. there probably plants that can benefit from some investment to grow expand or even maybe set up shop U.S. for the time, so excited about. the third is we have two-thirds or so of our base in the U.S. only a of revenues being here, we'll some things that we'll that later the year. that's we're doing from a job growth point of view, and we're of that. Now turning China, let comment on what I is the root of question about this VPN issue. The government China back in tightening the regulations associated with VPN and we have number of those on our store. Earlier this they began a renewed effort to enforce that policy, we were required by the to remove the VPN from the App these new. Today there are actually still hundreds of VPN apps on the App Store, including hundreds by developers that are China, and so there apps available. We rather not remove the but like we do other countries, we the law wherever we do. strongly believe that participating markets and bringing benefits to is in the best interest of the folks and other countries well. And like we would if the U.S. the law we'd have to by them in both cases, that doesn't that don't our point view in appropriate way. you, a question for maybe on the iPhone base. upgrade rates over the longer there are lots moving parts, and I get there's I guess mix shift of your base. the upgrade rate is function of many, different things, the of the the of the base, the that is at the the regional distribution, the upgrade plans that various markets the. think general, because our installed base was strong digit once again, there's lot of that are very positive us. the upgraders and the switchers we see, and the buyer category is still out there too in several countries, including some that you not there's a sizable in some. areas, a lot of opportunity. Luca, typically in the fiscal Q4, Apple builds considerable iPhone channel inventory, like 2 million 3 million units. we think about what's embedded in your guidance for fiscal channel inventory for iPhone, should we normal seasonal build, or is it likely to be higher given the very low point?. We are providing a fairly wide from obviously that also has an impact on potential channel. thing that would tell is that we feel good about performance of business right now. think that our Services business will to grow. We've a lot momentum iPad and Mac because we refreshed the of products. in general, even the in China, Tim has it. So are the drivers our guidance range for the quarter. I was wondering could maybe talk a little bit about things you mentioned in before. which you have described intense interest, I don't even think there TV on this call. there has been press reports that Apple has been testing autonomous vehicles for potentially up to a year. two to give the Apple Music subscriber some exclusive content hopefully grow subscriber base. And we've hired two great folks with lots of experience in creating content like Breaking Bad and The Crown and some really content. may be a hard question answer in a condensed but would you what you expect the most near-term applications will be using ARKit?. does this come to market in the most significant way in the next quarters as Apple becomes largest global platform for as you've talked about?. answer your what category it starts in, just take a look what's on the web in terms what people doing and it is over the place. AR big and profound and this is one those huge things that at and marvel on start of. So I think that customers to see it in a variety ways. feels great to get at a level that can get all of the developers behind so couldn't be more excited it. to start off on your Services revenues actually I think accelerated by 400 points what you guys in the first half of this. Is there a way to think about in a traditional manner that Services versus the installed growing?. We've got multiple categories in the Services it's difficult talk about ARPU in general. One that is very, very important us is the fact the App which is the largest Services is an increasingly amount of paying accounts. basis, the number of accounts that are actually transacting paying on the App Store growing. One of for example, is the fact that are making easier for to pay on the App. We launched Alipay, for example, in China during the December. That has obviously helped lot with growth in the number paid accounts. continue to bring more and more forms of payment in App Store around world. The other reason why the number paying accounts is fact that the quality and the quantity continues to improve. have other businesses the Apple service, which is growing very fast we it a couple of years ago, so we are getting lot of new subscribers. The number of people on our stores continues to grow. In terms of ARPU, maybe I can make a comment on ARPU to the App Store. What we're seeing and we've seen a long of as we keep track of these cohorts we see on the App start spending we see the spending profile very across customers. Your almost seems more excited about this iPhone launch versus historically because the sequential growth is better. I beyond the fact we probably shouldn't read every blog and every blog, think is different with this product launch or product availability cycle what you've historically?. Tim, growth in the smartphone market is now crawling along at about a single digit percentage. know iPhone grew about 2% year over and it like you about a mid-teens market share in units in. So as we forward maybe three to years, do you think Apple expand its market share?. And second question is just about India, general India in quarter. I do think that we can grow both units and market share. the developed markets the buyer rates down other than places like Japan perhaps, the emerging markets, we even gotten yet, really. a revenue point of we had very strong growth there. As you mentioned your second we've already an app center. That's on top working with the channel and at expanding our go-to-market in. began to produce the iPhone SE there during the quarter, and we're really happy with how going. see a lot of similarities to where China was several years. A replay of today's call will be for two as a podcast the iTunes Store, as a webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone.