 Good day and welcome to the Apple Incorporated First Quarter Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. first today is Apple Tim Cook, and he'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross expenses, income and expense, taxes, allocation, business outlook. For more information, refer to the Risk discussed in Apple's most filed periodic reports 10-Q, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC along with the Associated Press release. the first you've heard us the December quarter, so the first thing I want do is provide results connect those back the we shared the beginning the month. As you know, our December quarter revenue below our original expectations, coming at billion. We noted four factors that would impact our results when we provided guidance in November: different iPhone launch timing from a year FX headwinds, constraints on products and conditions in emerging. Our revenue there was down by $4.8 billion from last year with declines and. Most of the shortfall to our guidance and over 100% our worldwide revenue decline was by our performance Greater China. Despite iPhone upgrades being lower we anticipated, our business grew outside China, new records in the Americas, Western Europe, Central and Europe our rest of Asia Pacific segment. we shared earlier this month, said are proud to participate the Chinese marketplace believe business a bright there time. We generated record December quarter services revenue in Greater fueled by an amazing ecosystem with over 2.5 million registered iOS. very strong results from our wearables there with revenues up over. We also continued to grow our total active base by adding new. fact, than two-thirds of all customers in China bought a or an iPad during December were purchasing that product for the first time. Finally, for perspective, the challenging December quarter, our revenue China grew slightly the full calendar year. Macroeconomic and go, but we see great upside in continuing to on the things that we can control. Returning to iPhone, I'd like to talk our results the context of those lower than expected. customers are holding on to their older iPhones a bit longer in past. you pair this with factors, particularly in emerging markets, it resulted in iPhone revenue that down from year. Our iPhone results accounted significantly more than our entire year-over-year revenue decline. It's important what's going on the customer perspective at the point of purchase. Turkey, example, the lira depreciated by 33% the course calendar 2018 in the December quarter, down by almost $700 from the previous year. In Japan, for example, iPhone purchases were traditionally subsidized by carriers and bundled with service contracts. result, we estimate that less than half of iPhones sold in Japan in Q1 of this year were subsidized compared about quarters a ago that the total value of those had down as. For millions of customers, we it inexpensive and efficient replace the battery and hold their iPhones a bit longer. Not only is large and installed base powerful testament to the and loyalty of our but it's also fueling Services business. fact Services revenue an all-time record at $10.9 billion the December quarter growing 19%. We not only generated our highest revenue ever, but we also had records across multiple categories of Services including App Store, Apple Pay, cloud services and our business and we had a quarter record for. And I'm very proud to say nearly 16 years after launching iTunes Store, generated our highest quarterly revenue thanks to great popularity of Apple Music with over 50 subscribers. App Store wrapped up its best ever with record holiday period results propelled the biggest Day and Christmas week ever. Customers also spent over $322 Year's Day alone setting new single-day record for both the number of and purchase volume. It was a great season for Apple Pay over 1.8 billion transactions the quarter well over twice the volume of. can now use Apple Pay with iPhone and Apple Watch at nearly 3,000 Speedway locations, while all Target Taco Bell and Jack-in-the-Box stores will be accepting Pay soon. Apple Pay in three new in the December quarter Germany, Belgium and Kazakhstan is now live in 27 markets around the. rollout Germany has been a huge with Deutsche Bank reporting more activations for Apple Pay in one week than in an entire year. is yet another example what's possible when you bring together Apple's world-class hardware, ecosystem with our engaged active user base. Revenue from services continues to grow rapidly with year-over-year revenue up over 40% in the December quarter. And readership of News set new with over 85 monthly active users in the three where we've launched the United States, the U.K., and Australia. And international audience will continue to grow with our first-ever launch in Canada available to customers later quarter. The largest category represents less than 30% of Services revenue the new we've launched in the last all experiencing tremendous growth. We had our best quarter ever for Mac revenue was up 9% fueled our new MacBook Air Mac Mini in. had our best quarter ever for Wearables Home and Accessories with 33% growth in total and almost 50% growth from Wearables, thanks to strong of both Watch and. We manage Apple for the term and when we consider the keys to our success over time there three that stand out, our satisfied and customers, large and growing active base and the of it all, our ingrained culture of. Our Neural Engine not only provides power efficiency and incredible a very small package, it also enables processing of data transactions directly on the device. not only for the environment, it's great for the their existing acts as a for their new and it's great as a that is in and can grow our active installed base. we started making it easier for to pay for their phones over time with installed payments and we're on rolling out to geographies as as we can. as confident as ever the fundamental strength of our business and have strong pipeline products and services some exciting announcements coming later. details our December quarter results, I'd like to the call over to Luca. As Tim revenue for December quarter was $84.3 billion. This result was below our expectations, but we were able to set all-time revenue records in the U.S., Canada, Latin Europe, Central Eastern and Korea. Our results were especially strong in the U.S. where revenue was up by more than $1.5 billion compared to a year ago and in several markets where by double including among others Spain, Poland, Mexico, Malaysia and. iPhone revenue declined 15% from a year ago while revenue the rest of our business grew 19% to all-time record, our best results ever for Services, for Wearables and for Mac. This for the first time, we're making important disclosure to investors as we believe will foster a better of our business. We are now reporting on a quarterly basis, gross margin for products in aggregate for in. On a sequential basis, products gross margin increased 60 basis due to positive leverage from the holiday quarter, partially by higher cost structures as we launched several new products and by headwinds from foreign. Services gross margin also increased 170 basis points sequentially due to favorable mix and leverage, partially by foreign exchange. While both products and services gross margins improved sequentially, total company gross margin down 30 basis points due to a different mix between products and services. income was $20 billion about to last year and earnings per share were an all-time record at $4.18, an increase of 7.5% last year. On geographic basis, most of the decline from last year came from Greater China and other emerging markets with difficult macro foreign conditions affected our. believe that the reduction of carrier subsidies our battery replacement program an impact in a number around the. And Tim mentioned had a lower of upgrades than we had anticipated beginning of the quarter. However, our global installed base of continues to grow and has reached an all-time high at the end December. plan to provide information on the iPhone installed base as well as total installed base on a periodic. Customer and loyalty iPhone continue to be outstanding and are the highest in the industry. And among business buyers who plan to smartphones in the March quarter plan to purchase iPhones. It was best quarter ever with revenue of $10.9 billion, up 19% year-over-year new December records in five of geographic segments. Services categories set new all-time records and we on track to achieve of doubling our fiscal 2016 Services revenue by 2020. The level of engagement our customers our ecosystem continues to. number of transacting accounts on our digital stores reached a new high during quarter with the number of paid accounts growing strong double digits over last. we now have over 360 million paid across our portfolio, an increase of 120 million a ago. the continued strength and momentum in this part business, we expect number of subscriptions to surpass 0.5 billion 2020. In fact, more 30,000 third-party subscription apps are available today on App Store and largest of them for only 0.3% of our total Services revenue. We saw great response to the new MacBook Air and Mac mini that we introduced in which drive increase in Mac revenue over last to a new all-time. Mac revenue was up in the vast majority of countries track double-digit growth in many large markets such as the U.S., Europe, Central and Eastern Japan, Korea South Asia. Our active installed of Macs a new all-time high half of all the customers purchasing Macs in the December quarter were new to. also had great results for iPad with revenue up 17% from a year. Similar to the our installed of iPads reached a new all-time high and among customers purchasing iPad during the quarter were to iPad. recent survey from 451 Research measured a 94% customer satisfaction rating for iPad overall, with iPad Pro models scoring as high 100%. Among business customers who plan to purchase in the March quarter, 68% to purchase. Wearables, home accessories revenue grew 33% to a new all-time record in each of our geographic. Revenue this was up over $1.8 billion compared a year thanks to the amazing of Apple Watch and AirPods both of which were constrained we the quarter. Based on revenue over the past quarters, our Wearables business approaching the size a Fortune 200 company. Our retail and online stores generated strong results for Mac and iPad and all-time record performance from Services and from Wearables. Following the launch of new iPhone trade-in campaign, our stores more than doubled the of iPhones traded in to last year, reaching all-time high Q1. We added Thailand to our footprint with a store in Bangkok and opened a stunning Champs-Elysees in exiting the quarter 506 stores in 22. In enterprise, multiple industries our technology continues to enable to do their best work. In healthcare, iPhones and iOS apps continue to streamline and support clinical workflows, communications and care delivery across leading health systems including Johns Hopkins Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital, Stanford Health Care and Saint Jude Children's Research Hospital. custom iOS apps available to production operators across their worldwide locations, SKF has reduced production errors from percent to zero while saving 70% in system-related time. We’re also seeing great innovation in the construction industry, with iPad new third-party apps made for. This new iOS app reduces wasted raw materials and helps keep building projects on time and on budget. We ended the quarter with $245 billion in cash marketable. As part this plan, returned over $13 billion to investors during the December. We repurchased 38 million Apple shares for billion through open market transactions and we paid $3.6 billion in dividends and. Consistent with our cadence, plan to provide an update our overall return program when report our quarter results. move ahead the March quarter, I’d like to review our outlook, which the of looking information that Nancy referred to the beginning of call. This range reflects a negative year-over-year impact of $1.3 billion from foreign exchange, which represents about 210 basis points of last a more uncertain macroeconomic environment a in emerging markets. Services growth did decelerate from the growth in recent so can you talk about the factors played into that slower growth?. But if you compare what you added in versus what you to add over the years, that a annual new subscribers. we thinking about services as a lower growth segment than what you in 2018?. when talk about the services very important start from momentum that we have. As you know, we set an ambitious target for ourselves to double the of our from fiscal to 2020, which at the a CAGR. just told you, the installed base to grow nicely. It has reached billion active at the end of December and very little of our services revenue is driven what we sell in the last days. factor for the growth of the services business is that within this installed the percentage of users paying for least one is growing very strongly. During the few years, you know, we launched Apple Music, Apple Pay and service our developers on the App Store. Second, we making it easier for customers to transact on our stores. launching Apple Pay in more and more markets and so. Thirdly, as you mentioned, subscriptions are becoming a large portion of our business and they're growing well services average. the fact that we are saying that we surpass 0.5 putting a specific date I think you've seen over recent quarters been adding about 120 million number of now. If take Apple Pay as an example, it started off as the most convenient, most and most way to make payment a store or in app. Then took Apple to Safari, then we a peer-to-peer service and launching it in new markets quarter, so we are broadening scope. I think referring to deceleration in the rate that seen in. And as we explained 90 days ago, this amortization of free in the past was reported Products and now gets Services. reclassification is actually dilutive to our growth rate because the amortization of free services is relatively stable number, gets applied growing base. Roughly 60% our Services business is the United. in general, we tend not to reprice our for foreign exchange on very frequent basis. The second factor is well-known issue around the Store in China. App Store in China is a large business for us. But general, we are very, very pleased 19% growth we think that the business to nicely going forward. And should we think the right rate going forward?. We will continue to at the end of every. And the way, when report our March quarter results, we will talk about the step in our program which is that do traditionally the spring. Some have the perception you priced the new products, the iPhones too what you learned price elasticity?. so what we have done January and in some locations and some products is essentially absorbed part or all of the currency as compared to last and therefore get close or right on local price a. those and got a of to address that including installment which I had as well. Well Steve, did mention on the last quarter that different timing of our launches would affect year-over-year compares. While last the iPhone X shipped in Q1 the December quarter, plays the channel fill and initial sales the December quarter. looks like the midpoint of your Q2 revenue guidance implies steepest Q1 to Q2 decline in revenues in history. I'm wondering, if you comment about that's conservatism, whether you're entering the quarter a high level of channel inventory and maybe can explicitly on that, or you actually think the conditions are getting worse?. done pretty with that until the December quarter, right?. we think year will be similar and we've exited December quarter with levels inventory that are with. And we expect that key factors that Tim mentioned the call affecting iPhone performance in Q1 will also an effect on starting with U.S. environment. impact from currency is going to be about $1.3 billion, so that's bit more than points year's revenue and so obviously. On the positive side, we that we continue to grow revenue nicely from the the which is iPhone. your event Lisa Jackson, an Apple VP, stated the needed to quote products to last as as possible. Apple's clearly doing that by helping with the battery replacement program, iOS on an older of products et cetera. But guess question why doesn't that mean that replacement or upgrade cycles for iPhones should continue to extend forward part almost of objectives?. And maybe to that end, you can help us understand what iPhones' average cycle might be today, and how that have changed last three to years. I on this and before, that upgrades for the quarter less than due to the that we had mentioned. So, it goes the future, don't know, but that making a great that is high quality, is thing for customer we work for the user. ask about the trajectory of Services gross margin, up about basis points it appears. But what's driving the improvement or it be as we go the year depending quarters and mix?. I think you've seen that Services gross increased on a year-over-year basis by significant. of these services are scaling and so we tend to expand gross margins. them to be accretive to the average gross margin for services, also because of the way we account for. For example, you know that on the App Store, we book revenue a net and therefore gross tend be accretive. And so depending on how these separate businesses marketplace, we're going to seeing some level of movement going on services margins. I wouldn't draw conclusion on how this services gross margin is going to move time. It is important for us grow gross margin dollars. And times we grow services that are at level of gross margins, which below average, as this good for and as long as we dollars we're to be very. The second way is AirPlay 2, we just pointed on a number of different third-party TVs. makes the in the living room with people using our even better. And I would that that's going to accelerate into the future as the bundle breaks down and to likely multiple services their current bundle. Is it that the free services non cash revenue that's getting booked the Services revenue with no cost and then the costs products?. We estimate the value that can be associated to free. In case, it's providing services, providing Siri and providing free iCloud to all the customers purchase product. That value deferred gets amortized over the estimated of time that we deliver the free services. Now in connection with the new revenue standard, we are essentially that amortization from revenue to services revenue. So total revenue has not changed, we just estimated value under the Services category. did make services gross margin, got it. And then my -- my question is just, when you think about growth in have selling more to subscription it's the million going billion. base has nicely over the last several years. Then that installed base, of course we to make sure there more people that are in services that transacting on services a free basis, are interested in paying those services. to make it easier for our customers to use our services so we are accepting and more methods around the. as said the idea of adding new is important to us. During the last three we've added Apple Pay, which has been incredibly successful is a wonderful experience. Apple Music, where we now have more than 50 million subscribers continues to grow very nicely. We provide an advertising service for developers in App. The we've added services in the past, obviously, we're also very interested in adding provide value to customers the future.