 Good day, and welcome to the Apple Incorporated Second Quarter Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would to turn the call to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. first is Apple's CEO, Cook; and he'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross expenses, income and expense, taxes, allocation, business outlook. This has been an exciting and for Apple. quarter featured some important announcements speak to the power of our commitment to innovation and long-term thinking. In constant currency, year-over-year revenue performance would have basis points better than reported results indicate. It was our best quarter ever for Services with revenue $11.5 billion. had a blockbuster quarter for iPad, with revenue up 22% from a year. This is our highest iPad revenue growth rate six years. This business is now about the of a Fortune 200 company, an amazing when you consider only been four Apple Watch. While we grew year-over-year in developed markets, and we had record March results in a of major markets including Canada, the United Kingdom, we did experience a revenue decline in markets. Our App Store are still reflecting impact of slowdown in regulatory approval in gaming apps in China, but encouraged by recent increase in the pace of. We believe strongly in opportunity in China, thanks to our robust ecosystem, talented developer community, and country's growing of tech-savvy consumers who value the best products and. For iPhone, our worldwide revenue down 17% from a year ago, declines were significantly smaller final weeks the March quarter. Importantly, our active installed base of devices continues to grow in each of geographic segments, and set a new all-time record for all major categories. That growing installed base is reflection of the satisfaction loyalty of our customers, it's driving our business to new heights. In fact, we had our best quarter ever for the App Apple Music cloud services, and our Store search ad business, and we set March revenue records AppleCare Apple Pay. Apple Pay volume more than doubled year-over-year, and track to reach 10 billion transactions this calendar year. is now in 30 markets, and we expect to be in 40 markets the the year. More and more transit are accepting Apple Pay and New York's MTA system will begin the rollout in early summer. As we've in places like London, Tokyo, and Shanghai, contactless entry into transit helps to spur broader Apple Pay adoption, and we believe this will get even more the States. And Ticketmaster has just announced they will be accepting Apple Pay ticket purchases on the web through and over of their entertainment sporting event venues are launching contactless tickets this year, the vast of NFL. reached a high of over 390 million subscriptions at the of March, an increase of million in the last quarter. This was also incredibly important quarter for Services moving forward. In March, we previewed a game-changing array of new services, each of them rooted fundamentally Apple. It will bring together over 30 popular magazines, leading newspapers, and digital publishers into a beautiful, convenient, and curated experience the Apple News app. Apple News+ builds our commitment to supporting quality journalism trusted sources, while providing the best magazine and news reading ever for mobile devices. Apple is integrated the Wallet app and all new experiences that only can provide integrating our hardware, software and services in an elegant solution that the customer the center. We also Apple Arcade, the world's first game subscription service for desktop, and the living. With over 100 new games, all with no ads or ad tracking, no additional purchases, and respect for user privacy, created a service for players of all ages, kids to teens to adults and one that families can enjoy together. The App Store is already the world's biggest gaming platform and we think Apple Arcade is a to unleash the of the developer community with collection new games on any other mobile platform in any other subscription service. Beginning in mid-May, the all-new Apple TV app will bring together the ways to discover and watch shows, movies, sports news, and across iPhone, Apple TV, Mac, smart and devices. And users can subscribe to watch new Apple TV channels like HBO Showtime and Starz paying only for services they want all on-demand available on and offline. And coming this fall, Apple TV+ will be the new home for the world's most storytellers featuring exclusive original shows, movies, and documentaries. We launched a new, more powerful iMac with increases in both compute and graphics performance, making it a great update for consumers and pros. For iPad, we very happy to return to growth in Greater China while generating strong double-digit growth in geographic segments. Our great iPad results were driven primarily by strong customer response to iPad. Late in the quarter, we launched an all-new iPad Air with an ultra-thin design, Apple Pencil support, and high-end powered Apple's Bionic chip. In addition, we introduced a new iPad a major for fans who love ultra-portable design and like new iPad Air, it delivers the power of the A12 Bionic and support Apple Pencil. introduced new AirPods, the second generation of the world's most popular headphones and demand been incredible. As we in January, we've working on an initiative to make it simple to in a in our store, the purchase over and get help from the phone to the phone. As part of this initiative, rolled out trade-in and financing programs U.K., Italy, and. our stores, we had all-time record response our trade-in programs and with more than 4 the trade-in volume of March a ago. And hundreds of institutions are now supporting health records on iPhone with recent additions including Michigan Medicine and UT Health. In February, we announced that we are working with the U.S. Department of Veterans to make health on iPhone to veterans. This will be the first record sharing platform of its kind available to the which is the largest the providing service than nine million veterans across than 1,200 facilities. extends the impact have in the lives our customers the impact leave the world around us. We've completed the allocation of our billion green bond proceeds across 40 environmental initiatives around the world to projects ranging from solar water conservation to development of custom alloys for our made from recycled aluminum. We've announced major expansion of our recycling programs, including quadrupling the number of locations where U.S. customers send their iPhones to disassembled by Daisy, our recycling. We're of progress that we our partners are making, and hope our actions inspire other businesses do they to protect world that share. are as excited as ever about our great pipeline hardware, software and services we're looking to sharing more information about the future our four software platforms at our Worldwide now than five weeks. Everyone here hard at work to prepare for WWDC, it's always privilege to to share the future of the community of world changing developers bring life. We're in fortunate position of generating cash than need to run our and invest confidently our so we're the latest update to our return program increase to our share repurchase and dividend. on and our March quarter results, turn the call over to Luca. in the March quarter was $58 billion near the of the range that we 90 days ago down 5% last year. Our revenue reflects 200 points of negative foreign exchange, due to the strength of the U.S. Overall, products revenue declined 9% driven primarily by iPhone, while Services revenue grew 16% to a new all-time record. We also set a new March quarter for Home and Accessories, and we recorded our best iPad growth rate in. Products gross margin was 31.2% down about 310 basis sequentially due to the seasonal loss leverage and from foreign exchange. Services gross margin was 63.8%, up 100 basis points sequentially due to a different and from higher revenue. We're seeing positive to recent pricing certain emerging markets, as well as enhancements to our trade-in and programs. And our year-over-year performance relative to our December quarter results in China, in the Americas and Japan. Our active installed of iPhone reached a new all-time high at the end of March. And among business buyers, who plan to smartphones in the June quarter, plan to purchase iPhones. Tim said, it was our quarter ever with $11.5 billion revenue, an of from last year. We generated double-digit revenue growth the App Store, Apple Music, cloud services, AppleCare, Apple Pay our App Store search ad. And we set services revenue records in four of our five segments. As you can from our new disclosures, Services accounted for of our March quarter revenue and about of gross dollars. number of transacting accounts on our digital content stores reached another new all-time high during the quarter the number paid accounts, also setting new all-time record and by strong double-digits over last. we now over 390 million paid subscriptions our Services an increase of 120 million versus 12 ago. subscription categories are growing strong double-digits and as a ago, we expect the paid subscriptions to surpass billion during 2020. App Store, our subscription business is extremely diversified and is strongly around world. In fact, number of paid third-party subscriptions increased by over 40% compared to last year in each geographic segments. And across all subscription apps, the largest accounted for only 0.3% of our total Services revenue. Revenue was $5.5 billion compared to $5.8 billion a year with the decline driven primarily by constraint on certain models. In of this challenge, we generated double-digit Mac revenue growth in and Korea setting new all-time revenue in both. On a global basis, nearly half of the customers purchasing during the quarter were to and the active installed of Macs reached a new all-time. had great results iPad with $4.9 billion in revenue and growth accelerating from the December quarter to. iPad revenue grew in all five of our geographic segments, with a return to growth Greater China strong double-digit growth in all other segments. had our best March quarter ever for iPad in Japan, and we were especially pleased Korea, Thailand and Mexico where revenue more than doubled last. In total, over half of the customers purchasing iPads during March quarter were new iPad and iPad active installed base reached a new all-time high. iPad revenue growth been fueled primarily by great customer response to our new iPad Pros. These completely redesigned iPads with full-screen Liquid Retina display, ID, powerful A12X Bionic chip with Neural Engine and for the new Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard make iPad Pro the perfect PC laptop replacement for both consumers and professionals. Among customers who plan to purchase tablets 75% of businesses plan. Accessories revenue set a March quarter revenue of $5.1 billion fueled primarily by the strong performance of our Wearables business, which grew close to. Within this category, Apple is the and most loved in the world and produced its ever for a non-holiday quarter. reaching many customers with three quarters of purchases going to customers who have never owned an Apple Watch before. We generated very strong double-digit revenue growth from Apple Watch and. announced 50 Today at Apple sessions during the quarter in three new and expanded formats Walks and Labs free at our stores around. We're building on Apple's leading position key functional areas to expand our reach and share within large accounts. been making great progress expanding Apple's footprint beyond into the where more than half of the top 50 airlines now implemented iOS to enhance the experience as as enable a new use case with mobile. Apple services are also making their way onboard, including growing adoption of Apple Pay for food and beverage purchases in-flight access Apple Music. seeing significant iOS traction with large enterprise platforms which are the face back-end systems to tens of millions of employees around the world. The end user employee experience vital to engagement and productivity and with increasing mobility of today's modern workforce, best on native iOS applications. We see great momentum the growing of iOS SDKs being delivered the world's largest enterprise. In February, our Apple at Work initiative was with AT&T. This to our ongoing with AT&T make it easy for customers to choose the best Apple for their needs in the enterprise modernize their business. AT&T will enable business services for Apple products to companies with their IT strategy, including device management, security, productivity and collaboration. We ended the quarter with $225 billion in cash, marketable. As result, we are in a very strong that allows us to invest confidently in areas the business, continuing to our. As we those initiatives, we are also to return over investors during the quarter. We began a $12 billion accelerated share repurchase in February, resulting in the initial delivery and retirement of. We also repurchased 71.7 million Apple shares $12 billion through open market transactions and we paid $3.4 billion in dividends and. also want to work towards a more optimal capital we said it is our plan to reach a net cash neutral. Given our confidence in Apple's future the value we in stock, our has an additional $75 billion for repurchases. And because know many of our investors income, we're raising our quarterly dividend for the time in less seven years $0.77, an increase about from previous amount. over $14 billion in and the last four quarters alone, us one of the dividend payers the. Going forward, we continue to plan for annual increases in per share. move ahead the June quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, includes types forward-looking information that Nancy referred to the beginning of call. Also as a reminder, in June quarter last year, our Services revenue included a favorable $236 million item in connection with final resolution of. the approved today our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.77 per share of common stock, payable on May 2019 to shareholders record as of 15, 2019. mentioned that last few weeks of quarter, were stabilizing in markets, I. in the space, we saw performance in the last weeks of quarter as compared to full quarter or and December, which sort -- it to be trough. our trade-in and programs that we’ve implemented our retail stores have been very well there, and I'm with the results. from our point view, has affected consumer confidence on ground there in positive way. so, I a set of all of these and we certainly feel a lot better than ago. And should think about this with regard to -- I don't know your plans in the future because I'm sure you're not going talk about you're going to do but helps that path. Tim, talked about responding well to these pricing actions that you've taken in market. Do any of learnings kind of through into how you decide pricing in the emerging markets, like et cetera as you get for next product cycle?. of that incremental is going support the services that launch later in the year?. course, are supporting our products services business you can see the trajectory our OpEx over different quarters. as we add new we will need to the necessary investments support them. And clearly we make all the necessary to that the new services are and we're by the of customer we received so far anticipation for the of these services. Luca, if look back over the past five years, June quarter revenue typically about 15% from March quarter. mind by the way, we are reporting this guidance including a 300 basis point negative impact actually currency numbers would be even stronger. At the category level, we expect that we continue to have revenue growth from the categories as we've for the half of our year. also a relative improvement in our iPhone on a basis in Q3 versus the first half. March was the strongest month the quarter year-over-year basis and has the confidence to guidance that you've seen. of course, as you've from results for the March China is geo where we found challenges, but believe the should improve over time. then just how meaningful you think 5G is upgrades in your iPhone installed base?. a lot of things the different technologies and try to look at -- and select that things come together and those into products as soon as we. On the flip side of there's a number things in the commodity going in the moment NAND. that's probably split or shared both Tim Luca on a response, but I'll ask the question you can decide how to divide it up. you'd mentioned about pricing adjustments that made in some of markets and Luca also about strength of the trade-in program maybe it was also. you help us understand about what type of or elasticity you've learned pricing and the trade-in of how it impacts like COGS margins things?. And I four things that I believe are responsible the better year-over-year performance in the relative to Q1 and the final of better than the average. does -- from a customer user point trade-in looks like a subsidy, and it is a way to offset the device cost itself. And then finally -- and this is not be under weighted either I the improved trade dialogue between the countries confidence in way. the experience we've in a few of these emerging markets has been positive that respect and think the really. a lot color around trade-ins, but I was hoping maybe characterize what you're seeing across your installed base on trade-ins. In terms of the incentives we're offering in our retail stores a trade-in that has that is more the sort the blue book of the if you will lack a better description. I think the key is we're to build a build something into the mindset that for the and good for them. best of current device to else that use that in some cases is an end of life we recycling the on it to make sure it can carry in form. And my follow-up Luca you just clarify if the settlement with Qualcomm creating either a or a your gross margins the near-term?. What you see our gross guidance for the June to fully comprehends the outcome the agreement Qualcomm. you have more than 1.4 billion devices at your event you announced services that leverage that base. So, I the and I know some of these services aren't live yet but should continuation of the building out of new categories what saw the event?. Is a pipeline of new services in the works?. I wouldn't want to get announcing things the call, but obviously, we're always working on things. then mentioned the App Store search ad business a couple of in prepared remarks. Is that reaching a point it's become material and maybe moving the needle for overall revenue?. imagine is a high-margin at least maybe higher than the overall Services margin but wondering if you can case or. Our next question comes from Louis Miscioscia with Daiwa Capital Markets. Tim, at the four things that have announced. I they have different dates when they're coming out but, ones would say over the next 12 months has the most potential to your line?. And I tell you right now is that the -- we're taking sort consumer interest on the there's of on that we're excited. And the Arcade will serve some of that market. And it serves it with a different of game, we think will be great for developers great users. We think that most users are going to get multiple over-the-top. our best to convince them that the Apple TV+ should be one of them. then, we're working very hard to get everyone to give Apple News+ a look. A quick India, obviously market share there is well below China. what's the -- obviously potential could be huge the to be pretty dominated on the Android side, so maybe if you just talk about trying to aggressively ramp share there. I India is a important in the long-term.