 Welcome to the Apple Incorporated Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Conference Call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would call over to Mr. Gala, Senior Manager, Corporate Finance and Investor Relations. Today Apple reports $58.3 billion in revenue, an all-time record for Services, and a quarterly record for Wearables, Home and Accessories. It was a quarterly revenue record for Apple Retail powered by phenomenal growth in. Amid most challenging global environment in which we’ve ever operated business, we’re proud to say that Apple grew during quarter. And I that how have responded, what have been inspired do, tells an story about great durability as a business, enduring importance of products in our lives. And when the strike, our teams not only succeeded growing the business introducing new products, our customers’ but they also rose to the occasion terms meeting our broader obligations to the in which we and. In a where achieved strong growth, which will dig into in a minute, and which durability our strategy, these teams were also COVID-19 front and. As Apple News, reached 125 million monthly active users, we elevated information from reliable sources through a special COVID-19 vertical. We let customers skip payments without incurring interest on Apple Card for March and April in light of financial hardship for many. We worked with everyone from Oprah to Lady to inform, entertain and give through Apple TV and services like FaceTime and Messages set all-time records for daily volume during this quarter as users relied new. And this month, to accelerate contact tracing, we are a joint with Google to enable the use of Bluetooth technology to help and health agencies reduce the spread of the user privacy and security central. major corporate donations to response efforts around the world to support global as a new fund food insecurity as a result of the. This extends of course to our retail employees, they Apple’s face to customers and instrumental part of and we’re them normally despite store closures. While we felt temporary supply constraints in February, operations team, suppliers and manufacturing partners safely returning to work and production back at typical levels toward end March. At this time of social distance, of shuttered and gathering places, of delayed and new ways of socializing, we have seen significant evidence that our products have taken a. Since early March, we’ve seen unprecedented demand for a pro app from students, enthusiasts and creative professionals. With new FDA guidance on non-invasive remote patient monitoring, for example, the ECG app on Apple Watch is increasingly used facilitate remote ECG measurements and for telemedicine usage, reducing patient and healthcare provider contact and exposure. The performance our product business had three very different phases the March quarter. Based Apple’s performance during the first five weeks of the quarter, we were were headed a second quarter at the high end of expectations. In the next weeks of the as COVID-19 started impacting China, iPhone supply was temporarily affected, well demand for our products China. At point, demand for our products outside of China was still strong in line with our expectations. Given the of visibility and uncertainly in the term, we not be issuing guidance for the quarter. We have to deliver innovative new products across multiple categories that to a broad cross-section of customers, iPhone SE, which achieved unmatched technological capacity at an. For a company whose business is innovation, are real upsides in periodically having figure out how to do just about everything in a brand new. expect to meet our longstanding of doubling our fiscal Services revenue in. entered this period unmatched financial strain, a robust cash position and our best pipeline. Major investments, including our five-year commitment to contribute billion to the here in the United States are full speed ahead. will to do we can do to help the global response and to keep our customers learning, sharing, and connecting can remain it can during this challenging time. It has been very quarter than we expecting when we talked to you at the end of January. we not be more proud of our Apple around the world, our role supporting local and our partners throughout value and resilient our business financial performance has during these times. So, the revenue for the quarter the extreme from the impact of COVID-19 and a headwind of 100 points from exchange. After a strong January, our was impacted particularly during the last three weeks and point-of-sale closures increase to COVID-19 spreading around the and affected our product. on a our performance was stronger than our results as we iPhone channel inventory more we did a year. Importantly, our installed base of active devices an all-time high in all our geographic segments and all major categories. revenue followed a different with very strong year-over-year growth of 17%. We a new all-time revenue record of billion with all-time records in many of our Services categories and in most countries we. Company gross margin was flat sequentially with cost savings and mix shift towards Services offset by the loss of leverage. Products gross margin was 30.3%, decreasing 380 basis points sequentially due to loss of and unfavorable mix. Services gross margin was 65.4%, up 100 basis points sequentially, by favorable mix. cash flow was very strong at $13.3 an improvement of $2.2 a year ago. iPhone of $29 billion, declined 7% year-over-year as iPhone supply and demand were affected by the impact of COVID-19 at some point during the quarter. On the supply side, we suffered from some temporary supply shortages February, been extremely pleased the resilience and adaptability global supply chain, as well as its ability to get back to safely when allow. operations and manufacturing partners put forth an extraordinary effort to production and we exited the quarter position for most of our product. While we see a slight elongation in our replacement towards the end the quarter, attribute the widespread closures, our active base of iPhones has an high. We set an all-time revenue of $13.3 billion with strong performance across the with all-time revenue records in the Store, Apple Music, Video, cloud services, App Store ad. And we also set a March quarter record AppleCare. Tim mentioned, we’re well on way to accomplishing goal of doubling fiscal ‘16 Services revenue during 2020. App Store revenue grew strong double digits, thanks to robust customer demand for both in-app purchases and subscriptions. Our third-party subscription business grew across multiple categories and increased over 30% year-over-year, reaching a new all-time. Apple Music and cloud services, both set all-time revenue record and AppleCare set a March quarter record. subscriptions for three of these services were up strong double-digits. Customer engagement our ecosystem continues to grow strongly, and the number both transacting and paid accounts our stores reached a new all-time high the March quarter. this momentum, we’re we will reach our increased target of 600 paid subscriptions the end of 2020. Wearables, Home and Accessories established a new March quarter record with revenue $6.3 billion, up 23% year-over-year with strong double digit performance across all five geographic. Our Wearables is the size of a Fortune company, and we’re very excited by this product category. For Apple Watch continues to its reach over 75% of the customers Apple Watch world the quarter were new to the product. Towards the end of the quarter, we launched a brand new iPad Pro that includes in class LiDAR scanner with some really exciting reality applications; and MacBook Air with improved at a price. We’re very pleased with the strong interest for both. Importantly, around half of the customers purchasing Macs and iPads around the world the quarter new to product the active base for both Mac and iPad a new all-time high. And the most recent surveys of consumers from 451 Research measured customer satisfaction at 95% for iPad and 96% Mac. In the enterprise market everywhere have been making the transition to remotely. We’ve created content to assist our customers in this transition including an on-demand video learning series on topics remote deployments iPad and Mac and. We’ve also realigned our retail business and enterprise teams to provide timely and relevant support to customers as they new work. Some of our largest customers offering Mac to employees such as and SAP have been able to pivot quickly to allow easily and secure their home, benefiting from Apple Business Manager zero-touch deployment. And we’ve seen examples of new projects of remote deployments implemented few. In essential such as grocery and services, we’ve seen organizations adopt our technology to serve their customers safely. In where safety and securities are a top priority, one way to protect company and client is by providing corporate iOS devices who use mobile daily as part their jobs. We ended the quarter with $193 billion in cash plus marketable securities, total debt $110. And a result, cash was $83 at the end of the. We returned $22 billion to shareholders during the March quarter, including $18.5 billion through open market repurchases of 64.7 million Apple and $3.4 billion in dividends and. we move into the June quarter, like to provide some on which includes the types of forward-looking information that Tejas referred at the beginning the call. As Tim given the lack of visibility and in the term, we will not for the coming quarter. However, based on what we have seen in and how we might play I would to provide some additional insight on and tailwinds we’re facing. as a we expect our revenue to be negatively impacted by more $1.5 on a year-over-year basis. We are in a typical supply position, including usual ramp associated with new products. These newly products, iPad Pro, MacBook Air, and iPhone SE have all received outstanding customer response, even during these extreme. On iPhone Wearables, we expect a year-over-year revenue to in the June quarter relative to March quarter; on iPad Mac, we expect the year-over-year revenue in the June quarter. First, customers actively engaging with our ecosystem and digital services, and we the very strong recent the Store, Video, Music, and cloud will continue throughout the June quarter. Second, the overall reduced level of economic due to lockdowns around the world, services like AppleCare and are being impacted. AppleCare is comprised of our product repair business and the with our customers, of have been obviously by store closures and level of traffic. Advertising, which is comprised of third-party agreements, our App Store search ads, and Apple News ads has been impacted by overall economic and uncertainty on when reopen. For gross sequential headwinds include foreign exchange, mix within products, and seasonal loss of leverage on our product business. Regarding product keep in the we provided at the revenue level. Sequential tailwinds include cost and the mix shift towards services. We are in the midst developing our most exciting pipeline products and services ever contributing over $350 to the economy and expanding our footprint in around the country a five-year. also continue to believe that there is great value our stock, we are our target of a net cash neutral position over. As a testament to confidence we have in our and into future, our Board has authorized $50 for repurchases addition to over billion authorization under current share. most importantly, we are Apple for the long as we’ve always. During times historically, we have to invest in the this remains our philosophy. continue to stay focused what we do investing in our product and service managing the business wisely, and care of our teams believe we will come out from this. Tim, you talked about some improvement in the second half April. So, was wondering if you could just talk maybe bit more the segment, geographic what you’re seeing and the various regions that selling and you’re hearing from. And from a demand point we then an improvement in March over February. And if you look at, kind of where we are further improvement April as to March. If look at the rest the world, we were doing in the first weeks of quarter. spent sort of reacting getting the supply chain back up in full force and through the sharp decline China I already talked about. The real for the rest of the in March when the orders went and the work-from-home began. For those two, three weeks the of the we saw a sharp decline in demand. now out into and look at that, early April like the end of March, in the second half April, we’ve seen an uptick across really board. In particular for as I think Luca shared, we believe that iPad and are going to a this quarter, and customers are either education or working remotely. So, we know that the core the the core the is innovation and development. are new investments in new services that we launched. And so, will try to need continue to invest during difficult circumstances and the we like wisely. Tim, think I speak for everyone the call we’re very appreciative of Apple’s pandemic. Tim, in past downturns, we have really seen pull back from investing. And so, you can tell, with everything else on, we able to launch and iPad Pro with the Magic Keyboard, the MacBook Air. And the business continues and the new products our lifeblood. can from what did this despite the environment, we have head are working because we that customers want the products we’ve got. As a follow-up, know you’re a lot with both the Apple Card and financing for iPhones to get your products hands of. Well, as you know, we launched the payment earlier Apple for iPhone. on doing that for other products as. Where do you see structural changes on the back of this health crisis that might opportunities for new revenue at Apple?. I think, there are things just a great reminder of how our products are for remote work. I that’s probably also true about working remotely in some areas in some. doing that because viewed that that area was huge opportunity for the and for to help a lot of. then, as a the $50 billion share is impressive in absolute terms, but it is a bit lower the last. And when you look at our at the end every quarter, you see much we actually in terms share repurchases. $50 is in addition to over $40 that is still remaining from the past authorization that our Board,. always for ways to our product roadmaps fill gaps in portfolio, both on the hardware side, the software side, the services. I was if could about how did channel inventory look in the March quarter, because it sounds like it may below the historical. And the discussion you had for June quarter performance of are you embedding from a channel building back levels that expectation. you could maybe talk a bit about, how do you think about manufacturing strategy and perhaps need for some diversity, especially given everything in the has gone through over the last 12 you that?. And do you feel comfortable the supply chain and the manufacturing base is well to launch traditional fall products used to from Apple?. I think, you’d have conclude, at I conclude that if look at shock to the supply chain took place for to back so quickly really demonstrates that it’s durable. I can kind of see behind it strong despite product weakness overall. you kind of look at the of the year, do you think at some does the impacts worldwide impact the line?. But I’ve said, we look into the June we see distinct trends our services business. And so, expect our digital to continue at the same of performance that we have during March quarter. And that includes the Store, of our video business, our business, services. So, expect all these businesses to to grow strongly. Given the economic environment, the level right there are two businesses that we believe are going to impacted during the quarter. AppleCare essentially of our repair business the warranty agreements that we signed with our when they purchase devices. Both these have affected obviously by the store closures. And not only retail stores, but also our partners points and obviously, the reduced level customer because of social distancing measures. And we expect to be affected during the during the quarter. So, these two things that during the June quarter create headwind for the Services business. far, April, have you seen increased downtick across your product line?. So for example, somebody might have shift maybe toward lower of the storage of certain products. I have seen strong customer response to iPhone SE, which is our most. -- we launched the Pro the midst of all this and the there also been incredibly. If I just with question on kind of what seeing China. saw in China for quarter -- and I’ll speak about mainland that’s the source of question. We saw strong results in iPad and in Wearables, and in. And if you look up underneath the full quarter, we a strong January, a significantly reduced demand in February orders and went into in China and stores closed. of what we’ve seen so far. despite stores being for the three-week period around the. partly because the had such a phenomenal and that included in China, it was other regions as well. If I can just follow up on previous comment about strong demand you’re for SE. given the price point, wondering if you expecting any change in terms the geographic mix of where the demand comes relative to typically what you see other iPhones from the up on, just giving the price point?. Chris, we’ve always been about delivering best product at a good price. And I you had expected to commodity price declines the quarter. you talk about you expect, as you go through the year, perhaps this environment, and again, whether that into challenge a headwind gross margins you go into the half?. For the June we would expect NAND and DRAM pricing to remain at this historically low level, while displays and most other commodity we expect decline.