 Good day, and welcome to the Apple Incorporated Third Quarter Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. first is Apple's CEO, Cook; and he'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross expenses, income and expense, taxes, allocation, business outlook. We're thrilled to report a return to growth and new June quarter revenue record. When you step back and consider and services two areas where we have strategically invested last several years, they now approach the size. Geographically, we are happy with our performance across including a to growth in China. We accomplished these results despite strong headwinds foreign exchange which impacted our top-line growth rate by 300 basis points to a year ago that's equivalent to about $1.5 of. For iPhone, we generated $26 in revenue, while this 12% from last year's June quarter, it significant improvement to the 17% year-over-year in Q2. We are encouraged by we are seeing from the initiatives that we spoke in January strong response our trade-in and financing. In fact, iPhone retail and online stores to growth on a year-over-year basis in month of June. installed base of iPhone reached a new time high was up in each of our 20 markets underscoring the quality our products and the satisfaction and loyalty of iPhone customers around the. Revenue excluding iPhone was up 17% from last year with across all categories. Starting with we generated all time record revenue of $11.5 billion that's 13% year-over-year and if we exclude $236 million favorable one-time item from June last year, or 18% in constant currency which is consistent our Q2 performance. Our strong performance was broad based, we set new all-time for AppleCare, music, cloud services and app store search ad business and we achieved a new quarter revenue record for the app. What's more, had double-digit services revenue growth in all five of geographic segments. surpassed 420 million paid subscriptions to across our platform and we on track double our fiscal year '16 services revenue in. In May, we launched our all new Apple TV app in over countries bringing together all to watch TV in app across iPhone, iPad, Apple and smart TV's. same ease-of-use and user interface that sets Apple apart in other categories sets us apart well. Our massive library of over iTunes movies and TV shows, the app where users can find their favorite services and later this year, our programming service Apple. Pay is now completing 1 billion transactions per month more than twice the volume of a year ago. Apple Pay launched in 17 countries in quarter completing our in the Union and bringing to a total 47 markets currently. Based June quarter performance, Apple Pay is now adding more new users than PayPal monthly transaction volume is growing 4x as fast. United States, in addition to a successful integration into Portland's transit system in beginning to rollout of New York City transit and later year. In China, Apple Pay launched payment card for Didi world's largest ride hailing provider. said before, transit integration is a driver of a broader digital adoption, and we're keep up this push to help home in more and more instances. at the outset, it was another sensational quarter growth accelerating to well 50%. We had great results for Watch, which set a new June quarter revenue and is reaching millions of new. Over 75% of customers buying Apple Watch in June quarter were buying their. when tally up last four quarters, our wearables business is now than 60% of companies in Fortune 500. We had great performance from iPad, revenue of over $5 billion, and growth driven by iPad Pro and by strong customer response to the new iPad Mini iPad. This was our third consecutive quarter of growth, with revenue up 15% year-to-date, we feel great about where we're with iPad. With our current lineup of iPad, iPad Mini, iPad iPad Pro, we've got the perfect device for everyone from young learners professionals. We were also very happy with double-digit revenue growth from Mac, fueled by a strong performance of MacBook Air and MacBook. forward, there's an enormous amount to be excited about for Mac. On the heels of Mac mini and updates earlier the fiscal year, we significant updates the bulk of our notebook last couple months. They're designed for maximum expansion and configurability and at breakthrough pricing and the most powerful tools Apple has ever put in the hands of pro customers. recent Worldwide Developers Conference, we a game-changing tool to help developers and iPadOS apps for Mac. more to say on that in a moment. I'd like to provide some color on our performance in China, we saw significant improvement compared the first half of fiscal and return to growth in constant currency. We experienced noticeably better comparisons for our iPhone there than we saw the last quarters and we had improvement in the performance of every. The combined effects government stimulus, consumer to trade-in programs, financing offers, and other sales initiatives and growing engagement broader Apple ecosystem had a positive effect. We were especially pleased a double-digit increase in services driven by strong growth from the App in. We also had our best WWDC ever last month, packed with announcements great new features coming this fall across our four software platforms making them powerful, more and more. For iPhone users, iOS 13 will take on dramatic new look with Dark Mode, while delivering major updates to the apps you every including photos, camera and maps. iOS 13 great new ways to help you manage your privacy and security, including Sign On with Apple, uses Face ID or Touch ID to quickly into and Web sites without sharing your personal information. For the time, iPad is getting own version of iOS, called iPadOS, forward that takes iPad experience to a whole level. home screen, powerful new multitasking tools deeper integration Apple Pencil take productivity and creativity further, including using your iPad as an extended and interactive second monitor for your Mac. TV, tvOS 13 will make the big-screen experience even more personal. With a redesigned home screen and multi-user support, everyone in the family can get a more engaging and tailored experience with their favorite TV shows, movies, sports news, along with Apple Music, photos and iCloud, an App Store with thousands of great games and. watchOS 6 is a major step forward in helping Apple Watch users stay healthy, and. Watch now has a dedicated App Store that users can access directly from the device and new watch Siri enhancements, and music and audio features make Apple Watch than ever. And course, we continue to innovate on Apple Watch's promise to be an intelligent for your health. June quarter, we expanded the availability the ECG app and a rhythm to five additional countries and Canada and Singapore just last week, making them available in 31 regions the world, more come later year. tool included in macOS Catalina called Mac Catalyst gives developers a major head start in bringing their apps to the Mac. are already using to bring their apps to the we to see a of popular arriving for Mac as early as this. Apple alone in offering this kind and ecosystem to its customers. We also unveiled other exciting technologies to make it easier faster for developers to create powerful new. SwiftUI provides an intuitive new framework building sophisticated user interfaces across our software platforms using easy-to-use. Our developers already running with these new technologies and we our are going some the that these creators in store in the months ahead. On so many fronts there's an enormous amount to look forward to the next few months, the launch of new services like Apple Apple TV+, and Apple Card. details the June quarter results, I'll the call over to Luca. happy to report a June quarter revenue record of $53.8 billion, up 1% year-over-year. We return to growth in spite of difficult foreign exchange around the world, which impacted our by 300 basis. We set June quarter revenue records the Americas, in Japan and the rest of Asia Pacific as Tim mentioned earlier our geographic segments grew in constant. Product categories outside of iPhone grew 20%, with strong results in Wearables, Mac and iPad. Services revenue grew 13% to a new all-time record of $11.5 billion. Excluding the one-time item, we highlighted a ago in connection with the final resolution of lawsuits, services revenue growth was 15% and in constant terms. On a basis, we saw marked improvement in year-over-year comparisons from emerging of this year, particularly in the countries, where year-over-year went from a 25% revenue decline in half to 3% in the June. We set June quarter revenue records in several developed markets, including the U.S., Canada, Germany, France, Japan, Australia and. In markets, we returned to growth in Mainland China, strong double digits in and Brazil and we set new Q3 records in Thailand, and the Philippines. Products gross margin was 30.4% down about 80 basis points sequentially due to seasonal loss of leverage and partially by favorable cost. Services gross margin was 64.1%, up 30 basis points sequentially, primarily due a favorable mix. revenue was $26 billion, down 12% compared to year ago. This was significantly year-over-year performance than last quarter's 17% decline, with sequential improvement in year-over-year comparisons in 15 of our top markets. Our active installed base of iPhone continued to grow to a new all time high in each of our geographic segments and the the latest survey of from 451 indicates iPhone customer satisfaction of for iPhone 10S 10S Max. Among business buyers who plan to purchase in the September quarter, 83% to purchase. Turning to services, we reached all-time revenue record in spite of foreign exchange headwinds with double-digit growth from the App Store, Music, cloud services, and AppleCare, and triple digit growth Apple Pay and App search ad. All geographic segments had double-digit growth services revenue and set new June quarter records with all-time records in the Americas and Rest of Asia Pacific. In total, services accounted for 21% of Apple revenue and 36% of gross margin dollars. number of transacting accounts on our digital content stores reached a all time high the June quarter and the number of paid accounts grew double digits compared to last. Our subscription business continues to grow strongly and is extremely diversified across many categories such as entertainment, lifestyle, photo and video and. Third-party subscription revenue grew by 40% and across all third-party subscription apps, the largest accounted of total services. Among our services records, was our best quarter ever AppleCare. We also recently expanded our authorized service provider nearly Best Buy stores across the U.S. are now offering expert service repairs for Apple. addition to Apple retail stores there are 1800 third-party authorized service providers in the U.S., which is as many locations as three years. was $5.8 billion, up 11% compared to last year. Mac revenue grew 4 of our 5 geographic and set June quarter records the U.S., Europe and Japan, as our overall market significantly outpaced global PC industry. Nearly half of the customers purchasing Macs during the quarter were new Mac, with revenue growing in developed and emerging markets and the base Macs again reached a all time high. We also had great results for iPad, with $5 billion in revenue, up. iPad revenue grew in all 5 of our geographic segments, with a Q3 record in China and double-digit growth in emerging markets. In total, over half of the customers purchasing iPads during the quarter were new to and the active installed base also a new all time high. The most recent surveys from 451 Research a 94% customer satisfaction rating iPad from consumers and among business customers who plan to purchase tablets September plan to iPads. Wearables, home and accessories revenue accelerated across all our geographic segments, growing 48% to $5.5 billion and setting a June. This growth was primarily by the strong performance of our business, which was up 50% become the of a Fortune company over the last 12 months. In we generated double-digit revenue growth from Apple TV and accessories the quarter. Our retail and online stores produce their best June quarter revenue ever, with double-digit revenue growth Apple Watch, iPad, Mac and. trade-in program is showing great momentum, with more than the number of iPhones traded in compared a year. In the enterprise market, we are gaining with our strategy of transforming major industries by our leading positions in key functional areas grow our reach and customer and experiences. In financial services industry, 90 of the largest 100 banks assets size are deploying Apple products improve efficiency and effectiveness across organizations. world's largest created an iPad suite that reduced customer on-boarding time from than an hour to 12. Bank branch employees are also using Apple Watch for communication and notifications and Apple TV for customer presentations iPads using AirPlay. Financial institutions also tell us that they receive positive feedback from Apple for direct customer engagement. Ameritrade have launched Apple Business Chat as a dynamic way to support and interact with customers. We ended the quarter with almost $211 billion in cash marketable. a result, net cash was $102 billion at the of the and we on our to reaching a cash neutral position over. We returned over $21 billion to shareholders during the quarter, including $17 billion through open-market repurchases of almost 88 million shares and $3.6 billion in and. move ahead the September quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, includes types forward-looking information that Nancy referred to the beginning of call. We expect revenue to be between million and $64. This guidance includes almost $1 billion of year-over-year negative impact from foreign exchange. Clearly, we to have continued strong growth from the categories. Our services business, we an record in June. as we to quickly that is to help us as we through year. Keep mind that the guidance includes an estimated almost $1 of foreign for the quarter. Just curious, the few things that are driving success in China, and how sustainable do think are for as you go forward. And seeing a growing engagement the broader Apple ecosystem during the quarter. And so, when you look at it, each of categories, iPhone, Mac, wearables, everything improved sequentially. would point out, I think I mentioned my comments, that we actually grew in constant currency Greater China we grew on a reported. are on a normalized removing the one-time item from year, was 15%. Clearly FX, a role around the world, 300 basis impact during the June quarter. In spite of an all-time record revenue. It's growing every geography growing across all our major product and that is very important for the services business. I would I'll give a bit more color around two offsetting factors around performance during the June. On one side, App Store, mentioned in prepared remarks that growth accelerated sequentially. We had double-digit growth on the App Store in every. As know, we tend to monetize in China on the Store through game titles and the has approved a few key during quarter. is we wanted to the size of the services business 2016 to 2020. And of course, as you mentioned, very excited about fact that we're going to launching new services soon. said, we're the rollout Apple in August, and there's two more very important services that we’re going to be adding our portfolio during the fall. I know you mentioned worth of top-line impact, I think from, last. So of course, Shannon, you've seen, guidance for margin is 50 points higher than guidance that we had given for. to go back to the discussion around strength in China in the and understand what linearity looked like. We obviously took account all of the information that we had coming out with the across quarter and how this quarter has. And then just on the App Store, appreciate not a of around exact timing and even pricing of new services, but how should we think that launched in March the. to the model in the back half of this year, or will the be more longer in nature really show up 2020?. let me just about the new that we've in March, and then the timing how we get revenue, right?. announced Apple News+, and this is the that is available for consumers right now. for all these services, there's a trial period up front, going to be different trial periods, see that what they look like. all of them add to our base will help us with rates as we get into next year. Those two things in the aggregate led the combination of and online, short form that is retail Store let growth in June trajectory. We have other products where people are both purchasing things, they're watching Apple. more to answer question about growth as we go forward, way see is, we have hardware portfolio ever, we've new on way, pipeline full of new stuff both on product and the services side. is growing, hit a new record, that's obviously good. And it hit a new record across all geographies and across categories. And during tactically emerging markets a bit of a rebound. And in fact, on a constant basis, we actually grew slightly emerging markets. some of this in his comments and that continues to be a big opportunity for us. we've got lots of what I would call core kinds of like augmented reality, big bets and bet that have a big future, in addition to the health kinds may fall the watch. How are you thinking about the longer-term footprint for manufacturing and can you any potential alternatives that you've at and considered in moving parts production potentially of China. And there is, maybe for you, there's some significant destocking of inventory first half this in iPhone. Can you about the broader channel inventory levels where you in your typical ranges, given the comment around June sales being quite strong do you anything atypical in channel inventory in the quarter?. we reduced channel inventory for iPhone slightly more than last and that is true in total and it's true for Greater as well. So, we very good our channel inventory ranges we get into the quarter. is probably to Tim one for Luca. I will ask them at so you can continue other one you want to answer, first or second. one is for Tim, regarding the installed comment you've which is quite encouraging, but yet you look at the iPhone year-over-year the past have down. Is it mostly because secondary users are the ones coming into the as people are holding more phones longer?. And then for Luca, you've been investing a lot, a lot, lot and lot of these services now coming to pass whether it Cloud, these wearables Apple Pay Arcade. Are we a point where a lot of harvesting is going to do you kind of relatively same that doing for the strategy. it's I'll start with your installed base question. It's a function of the robustness the secondary market, we think hits an. market is very and we're doing programs et cetera to that, because we think we wind up a cost that we in another way. to go into the specific numbers, but I think you can see readily, how the base is growing an where iPhone revenue is within a 90-day of. And on OpEx, obviously is very for us continue to invest the business, particularly the R&D side, because we want innovation into the market. We to improve the user and differentiate our products services in the. Of course, we'll continue to invest in marketing and advertising. We talked a lot of services that we are launching during the and Apple next month, obviously they will require the level of advertising as we launch to general. When you look in total, where we are terms of our expense revenue ratio for operating expenses, you know, well that we competitive relative to other companies. So, want to continue to competitive and at the same time we will not under-invest business. I wanted to with the announcement at around the independent App for the Watch. What level of interest have you seen from developers are about the ability to monetize independently on those App Stores?. tools around ARKit and AR in general that I through earlier, lots of there, of from the Watch App to the Catalyst be released macOS Catalina, quickly to port a to the. We think is huge and so great the user. you look at all of these and all the things I talked about earlier I be happier with reception we're getting and the that is on scenes now for developers apps the fall. If I just follow-up the China market, one of things we're is going the into 2020 there'll a of phones launching that market the players.