 Good day everyone, and welcome to the Apple Incorporated Second Quarter Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would to turn the call to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. first today is Apple's Tim Cook, and he'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, and taxes, capital allocation, share dividends business outlook. Apple assumes obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. We're proud to announce the results of a very successful quarter today, setting March quarter records both revenue and earnings. That's up 16% from last year, making our sixth consecutive quarter of accelerating revenue. was broad-based, with iPhone revenue up 14%, services up 31% and wearables up almost 50%. iPhone's second quarter performance capped a tremendous fiscal half with $100 billion in iPhone revenue, an increase of $12 billion over year, a new first half record and achieving our highest first half growth rate in three years. iPhone gained share the quarter based on IDC's latest estimates the global smartphone market. And customers iPhone X than any iPhone week in March quarter, just as they did following its launch in the December quarter. best quarter ever for services and momentum continues to incredibly strong. Revenue topped $9 billion for the first time, up more than $2 over last year's March quarter. We all-time record revenue from App Store, from Apple Music, from iCloud, Apple Pay more, of which powerful of the importance of our huge active installed base of devices and loyalty and engagement of our. Across all our services, paid subscriptions surpassed 270 million, up over 100 from a year $30 million in the last days alone, contributing to the overall increase services revenue. Apple Pay continues its strong growth with active users more than doubling transactions tripling year-over-year. the availability of Apple Pay at major systems have been key driver of adoption among commuters in March, we launched Express Transit with Apple Shanghai, the second and third largest transit systems the. With the launch Brazil in April, Apple Pay is available 21 markets and expect and Ukraine to launch in the next months. outstanding quarter for our wearables business, which includes Apple Watch, Beats and AirPods combined revenue of almost year-over-year. Looking at its revenue over the quarters, our wearables is now the size of a 300 company. Apple Watch had another great quarter by strong double digits year-over-year to a new March quarter record. customers are using Apple help them active, healthy and connected and they have made it the top selling in the world. carrier support for Series 3 cellular in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Thailand during the quarter with more markets on the. For example, in addition tracking your workouts and heart and snowboarders can record runs, vertical descent and calculate speed, as well as contribute data to the Apple activity app. currently in the United States, United Kingdom and to adding features to HomePod and introducing to more around the world soon. In March, we announced new products for the community, including updating our popular iPad with support Apple Pencil. And whether it's through our coding programs, our unrivaled augmented reality platform, or creativity both can unleash, proud to help students everywhere new frontiers learning Apple technology. March, we also released iOS 11.3, a major update offering new immersive augmented reality experiences, access to personal health the and more. Also iOS 11.3, patients in nearly 40 health systems representing hundreds of hospitals and clinics now consolidate their medical records from multiple view them all in place, right from their iPhone. This data is encrypted and protected with the user's iPhone passcode, and it can help them better understand their health history, have conversations with doctors and members, and make future health care decisions. relentless about making best products experiences in the while fiercely protecting our privacy, because we believe privacy a fundamental human right. We're now through our fiscal 2018 with nearly $150 billion in revenue and double digit growth in of our geographic segments. We generated almost $34 in earnings in six months, and we're very bullish on Apple's. We a huge installed base of active that growing across all products, and we the highest customer loyalty and satisfaction in. Our sheet and our cash flow generation are strong and that allows us invest significantly in our roadmap still return very meaningful amount capital to our. In the United States, we expect our direct investment the economy to exceed $350 billion the next five including billion in expenditures. the selection for a new U.S. campus, and look forward to sharing more information on that this year. Consistent with our cadence, today providing an update on our return program. Tax reform makes it possible for us to execute our program more efficiently, both through share repurchases and payment of tens of millions of investors who own Apple either directly or from large to with retirement accounts. So today, given strong confidence in Apple's future, announcing a significant update to capital return program. of Directors has approved new $100 billion share authorization as well in our quarterly dividend, effective with our next dividend payable later this. Luca will more details about our program a in-depth discussion of the quarter's results. very pleased to report record financial results for our quarter with revenue growth of 16%, EPS 30%. Starting with revenue, we $61.1 our highest ever a March quarter. Revenue in all of our geographic segments, setting new Q2 in most countries we track. Performance was very strong emerging markets where revenue up 20% and we were in Greater China, strongest growth rate from that segment in 10 quarters. Gross margin was 38.3%, essentially flat sequentially, as we offset the seasonal loss of with improvements and a shift in toward services. Net income was $13.8 billion, up $2.8 billion over last year and a quarter record. Diluted earnings per share $2.73, up 30% to a new record for Q2, and cash strong at $15.1 billion. During the quarter we sold 52.2 million iPhones, up 3% over last year, and grew iPhone units by double digits several markets including Japan, Canada, Switzerland, Turkey, Central and Eastern Mexico Vietnam. Our performance from a customer standpoint was even stronger than our reported results, as we reduced iPhone inventory by 1.8 units, 600,000 units than the March quarter reduction last. We exited the March quarter within our target range of five seven weeks of channel. And among business buyers who plan to smartphones in the June quarter, plan to purchase iPhones. had a sensational quarter with record revenue $9.2 billion, that's up last year, an increase of 31% and the services revenue we generated in the March quarter just four. Our services business growing at a very fast pace all around the world, with up more than 25% year-over-year in each of five geographic. The App Store set a new all-time revenue record in March quarter and Apple Music reached a new record for revenue and paid subscribers, which have now passed 40 million. iCloud storage revenue was up by over 50% year-over-year to a all-time record, and AppleCare revenue grew at its highest March quarter record. Our other product category also set a new for the March quarter with of almost $4. We began HomePod in February and unit sales of Apple and AirPods reached a new high for the March. Next, I'd like to about the Mac which set a new March quarter revenue record including records both the Americas and Greater China. We sold 4.1 million Macs, generating year-over-year growth in many markets including Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, Central and Eastern Europe and. We were happy see double digit growth in our active installed base to a new all-time high, with almost of March purchases coming from customers who are new to. iPad grew both and revenue for the fourth consecutive quarter. We sold 9.1 million iPads about half of purchases were by customers new to. was particularly strong in Japan, in Latin America, Middle East and Africa and Central and Europe. markets where iPad sales were up double digits compared to a year ago. We gained of the global tablet market based the latest estimates from IDC our active installed base of reached an all-time. indicates that iPad has 53% of the U.S. market in the March up from share year ago. And the most recent customer survey from Research measured iPad customer satisfaction of 95% and among plan to purchase tablets in the June quarter, 73% plan to iPads. In March, we announced two new services with IBM to bring more dynamic and intelligent into apps. fact, HCA recently announced they plan to deploy 100,000 iPhones across their sites within the next three years. had great performance from our retail and online stores which produced highest March quarter revenue. was as well performance from AirPods and introduction of HomePod. Our stores hosted more than 250,000 of our very popular Today at Apple sessions particular emphasis on coding and app design. the we opened beautiful new South Korea and in our in both countries, and three ago we our newest store in Tokyo, us to 502 stores the today. We ended the quarter with $267.2 billion in cash plus marketable securities, and we had $110 billion term debt billion in commercial paper outstanding a net cash position $145. We paid $3.2 billion in dividends and equivalents and spent $23.5 billion on repurchases of 137 million Apple through open market. We have now completed over billion of our current $300 billion capital return program, including $200 billion in repurchases against our $210 buyback. to maintain cash we to fund our day-to-day to invest in our future, so that we can effectively to opportunities encounter along the. As we 90 days ago, the new tax legislation enacted in gives us increased financial and operational flexibility the access to our cash. It allows us to invest for growth in more efficiently it also provides us the to work towards a more capital structure. Given our confidence in Apple's future the value that we see in our stock, our has a $100 billion repurchase program we will start executing during the quarter. Considering the unprecedented size this new authorization, we want be particularly and flexible in our approach to shares. As in the past, will provide regular updates our capital return activities at end every quarter. With over $13 billion in annual dividend payments, we proud to among the largest dividend in the world and to plan for annual dividend increases going forward. We will to review our allocation taking into the needs of our business, our opportunities, and our financial. expect to provide a new update to capital allocation plans approximately 12 months from. move ahead the June quarter, I'd like to review our outlook includes types forward-looking information that Nancy referred to the beginning of call. wanted ask about thoughts on sort of iPhone and we're a couple of quarters from launch of the iPhone. $1,000 price point, and it's clearly but been a lot of questions in the market about sustainability of that point and how as you sort of holistically across lineup. And so with customer set that Luca as well, the 99%, iPhone X a beloved product. that one of those things where a team wins the Super Bowl, maybe you by a few more points but it's Super winner we about it. then, can you talk a bit about working capital, specifically inventory which pretty significantly quarter-over-quarter?. and how are you thinking I mean, it's one uses obviously, so how you inventory maybe working general as going forward?. Yeah, Shannon, you know that we've always generated significant amount of cash working capital. have decided some purchasing decision, given current market conditions, and that should unwind over. acceleration is really this quarter in my mind. talk about what the biggest drivers, it be or regions that the acceleration and do you think we can continue see growth north 30%?. each of the geos did extremely well and set records from App Store to Apple Music to iCloud to Pay and more. And that, if look at the subscriptions, the number of think I this in my comments, paid subscriptions moved over a year-over-year basis over million by end of the quarter. of forward, we've obviously made assumption our guidance that Luca earlier and in of longer term, we're on target to our 2020 of the services revenue as we had talked about previously. But anecdotally that you see in the business in would suggest that that is having impact that Apple taking as a company preempt any of tariffs going forward?. And think there's lots of things that bind the countries together and very optimistic. And so that's I'm optimistic that – I don't know every play that happen, over time, I think view will prevail. Will it be continued penetration of and Pay as kind of the largest future categories of growth?. And I think the good news that because our active installed base is such a level, last quarter said that we exceeded billion. year not going to release this number every but we've obviously grown again. that of change in the installed and with the services others that we working on, I this just a opportunity for us and very good about that. then any potential tariff issues aside, what's working for Apple in China right now?. You talked about it being the in 10 quarters. iPhone X was the popular smartphone in all China last quarter. order to hit a number on the growth you see your data there, there has to be several things working. the growth rates there are the other products category, which our wearables business in China the services business, which you and just about. I first one, just touching on gross margin if I look at the guidance for June on a basis, I sales are up digit but gross are still the high end, down 20 at the. Can you just talk about the lack of leverage on a gross basis on a year-over-year basis June?. But in general, I would say that year we are seeing a more environment, particularly we're still dealing with about 70 basis from the pricing environment we're working through. you've been fairly vocal I think talking about the for better privacy and well-crafted regulation over time. Could you just maybe help us understand, does protect data?. how does this ongoing debate around data protection translate into a positive Apple over time?. Because if look at our model, if we can convince you to buy iPhone or iPad, we'll a little of money. Luca, could talk a bit more about capital allocation?. dividend increase of 16% relatively to what you could have so are you really thinking the stock price is attractive here?. Can you give us any timeframe of billion and how much debt do you about in terms net zero?. when come down capital allocation decisions, we obviously also in mind opportunity for us to M&A activities which we in ongoing basis. But it comes down dividends our view is that for of we see a lot of value the stock. As seen from our track during the last five years, we do it a very fast but we also to do it efficiently. And so that in mind, we have of repurchases during the March quarter. We will you an our at end of every quarter then 12 months from now will actually about an the entire. merely selling time or do you think more broadly it?. Yes, Tim, I think there is China are actually the quarter third consecutive of growth. there's a lot of concerns just Apple in China and maybe misinformation out there. we continue to put great energy and try to – our objective over is to go there with different initiatives from retail and else. It's a huge market it's clear that many people be moving into the middle class time, we've seen in other. China, I continue to believe is a phenomenal country opportunity from a market point of view, but lots of opportunity from app developer point view. So we China holistically, not only as market. On market side, we've seen I had being the top smartphone during quarter. on any kind of, on a 90-day different things can happen. my personal view China is it's a great market, and are certainly looking beyond 90 days and on the opportunity and the there. Tim, you comment on price elasticity of demand at the end for iPhones, if that in line your expectations?. We for the value that delivering, and iPhone X is the innovative on the. Tim. your gross margins have been robust despite headwinds that you absorbed on commodities, you frankly, also FX that somewhat FX upside that a lot of other are seeing. said earlier this year, I we are experiencing in total a more difficult cost environment and so that turn into a positive us. At the time, it's very difficult me give you an indication of what is going to in the future cycle is as you don't provide past the quarter. And the mix of products and services that we sell our customers has an impact on the overall margin. actually both my at the same time, one Tim one for Luca. Tim, when we to investors they often say, oh, market is saturated. Yet we do our analysis, we kind of still see emerging markets like and those are growth. you think about and those markets, do kind of believe that some of those markets could get to much higher a market share have in some of the developing time?. And then, Luca, on the for you, about the gross margin. When we about if component prices start to stabilize, seeing how Apple services been so successful and accretive to start to look some potential margin, gross margin stabilize?. In terms of – let me address the market bit and I'll mention iPhone. of the market in general, if you at last year, is the data point we on full market, there were 0.5 billion feature phones in the world. And we believe that over time every phone sold will be smartphone. In terms of the itself, even though we sell a phones across the of a year, market share globally compared to the – sales low compared to the market of smartphones. think that India, India is third largest smartphone market in the. There's obviously opportunities there for us, and have low share in that overall. And so putting a lot of energy there working with carriers in that and they're networks. And so do – I buy view market's saturated. don't see that a market point of view or – and certainly not from an of. market sort of like the market for consumer product company in the history of the and – but how I about. gross margin think I'll repeat I said earlier, but you're right. Our services business, and I've said it in past, is accretive to company. And so as we are able grow the business, that should provide positive, a tailwind. At same the services portfolio that have, we have services that of profitability, so we also to take account mix of services we're going to selling. At macro level, because about of is outside the States, a weak dollar is a positive for our margins; a strong as it's been during the four has a bit of a headwind for the. general, we look at our process to innovate our products, when we launch a that product to have a cost structure the product it replaces. so that is something that we need to work through every time launch product and we have a good track record and history cost structures down over time. done a pretty remarkable job several years at managing all coming out with a level of that we think is good for investors and certainly it our plan to to manage.