 day, everyone, and welcome to this Apple Incorporated first quarter year 2017 earnings conference call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would to turn the call to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding margin, expenses, other income and taxes, business outlook. Apple assumes obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. I'm very happy to share with outstanding results of Apple's December quarter. We generated the quarterly revenue in Apple's history along with all-time unit and revenue records for iPhone and Apple Watch, all-time revenue records for Services and Mac, and all-time revenue records for four out of our geographic. The strong performance of our business also produced record earnings per share. Revenue in quarter was $78.4 billion, was above the of guidance range. iPhone had a quarter thanks to exceptional demand that beat our own internal expectations. 7 is our most popular model, saw especially strong demand iPhone 7 Plus, which higher portion of the new product mix than ever seen with models in the past. Demand for iPhone 7 Plus exceeded throughout the and we came into supply/demand balance in January. 7 Plus has earned rave reviews for its advanced new features, especially the dual camera system, which produces stunning portraits and high-quality zoom. Both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are empowering our customers to be more more engaged, and more expressive than ever by hardware, software, services to create experiences that only Apple can deliver. It was our best quarter ever for Services, with almost $7.2 in revenue. Store customers broke all-time records during holiday quarter, including $3 billion in purchases in December alone, making the App Store's single best month ever. developer community has now earned over $60 billion, including over $20 billion in 2016 alone. Revenue from our music business grew for the third in a row, and our AppleCare iPlus storage services had record results. Pay continued strong momentum, with the number of users more of millions of transactions and billions in purchases in December quarter alone. Transaction volume was up over 500% over year as we expanded to four new countries, including Japan, Russia, New and Spain, bringing us into a total 13 markets. And beginning this quarter, Comcast customers can pay their bill in a single touch with Apple Pay. becoming a larger part of our we expect revenues be the of a Fortune 100 company this year. Our Services offerings are now driving over million paid customer subscriptions. We feel great this momentum, and goal is double the of Services business the next four. Mac not only returned to growth but generated its highest quarterly revenue ever. We were supply constrained new MacBook Pro throughout December quarter and are now coming into supply/demand. was also best quarter ever for Apple Watch, both units and revenues, with holiday demand so strong that couldn't enough. Apple Watch is the best-selling smartwatch in the world and the most loved, the highest customer in its category wide margin. With AirPods off to a fantastic full first year Apple Watch, and Beats headphones offering a great wireless experience using the Apple-designed W1 chip, we now have a. For example, major automaker is committed to CarPlay with over 200 different models announced, five of the top 10 models in the United States. Siri a new Home in iOS 10, you go, you can easily and all your home accessories with your iPhone, iPad,. The number of HomeKit-compatible accessories continues to grow rapidly, with many exciting solutions announced just including video cameras, detectors, and sensors for doors, windows, and. of home automation unimaginable just a few years ago, it's here today with iOS and HomeKit. We're making progress in the market alongside our major partners. With enhanced performance, up to eight times faster roaming, better reliability for apps, and native voice experience, we're excited about how much more productive the workforce will be with these great capabilities. In fact, the total number of joint customer opportunities has grown 70% last quarter. As we reflect on record-breaking December I'd like to our our business partners, and our employees for their contributions commitment. And like to thank all of our around the for their and loyalty, which ultimately drive these results. like to it over to Luca to the quarter in more detail. Revenue for December quarter was $78.4 billion, the highest quarterly revenue in history of and above guidance range. As Tim mentioned, the strength of our results was very broad-based, as we set revenue records for iPhone, for for Mac, for Apple Watch. We also established new all-time revenue records in most developed emerging markets, with strong growth rates in many countries, including the U.S., France, Australia, Brazil, India, Turkey, and. As we expected, our year-over-year performance in Greater China improved significantly to the quarter. Total Greater China segment revenue was down 12%, but revenue from Mainland China even with all-time record results from year ago grew in constant currency terms. In all other geographic segments, generated all-time quarterly record results. We had the benefit 14th week during the this year, but. Third, the stronger U.S. dollar total revenue growth this year by 100 points. And fourth, our year-ago revenue included the of one-off $548 million infringement payment. customer left us supply/demand imbalance for several of our throughout the quarter this year. Gross margin 38.5%, at the high end of our guidance range. Operating margin 29.8% of revenue, and net income $17.9 billion. Diluted earnings share were $3.36, a new all-time record, and cash flow operations was $27.1 billion. had a terrific quarter for as we sold 78.3 million units, a new all-time and an increase of 5% over. Customer demand even higher than our reported results, iPhone unit sell-through was up 8%. We saw double-digit iPhone growth in the U.S., in Canada, Western Europe, and Australia, and even stronger growth in including Brazil, Turkey, Central and Eastern Europe, and. ASP increased to $695 in December quarter from $619 in September quarter, driven by very strong product mix and amazing success of iPhone 7 Plus. stronger demand than last year, we added 1.2 million units of channel inventory across the quarter, significantly less than 3.3 million units a year ago. And we exited the quarter near the end of our to 7-week channel range. Customer interest and satisfaction iPhone are exceptional, not only with consumers, but also with business users. smartphone buyers, the iPhone customer satisfaction rating was. And those planning to purchase smartphones in March quarter, 78% plan to. to Services, we generated an record $7.2 billion in revenue, an of year over. On one the 14th week added to Services this December quarter. the other hand, that benefit was more than offset by the comparison the one-off million patent infringement payment in revenue a ago. The App Store continued its impressive run, all previous revenue records. Year-over-year Store revenue growth was through the 13 weeks of the. It's to see that both average revenue per account and the number of paying accounts strongly during the quarter. We sold 5.4 million and generated our highest-ever quarterly Mac. We were very to report double-digit growth in several including Japan, Mainland China, India, the Netherlands, and Sweden, as well as in. We ended the quarter at the low end of 4 to 5-week range for channel. Turning iPad, we sold 13.1 million units, which was of our. And we posted double-digit growth in both Mainland China and India, we've expanded channels in those countries and we continue to attract a percentage of first-time buyers. We also reduced channel inventory about 700,000 units as opposed to increase 900,000 units last year, and we exited near low end our five to seven-week target. iPad is incredibly successful in the segments of the tablet where we compete, in terms market share and metrics. from NPD indicates that iPad 85% share of the U.S. for tablets priced above $200. Corporate buyers a 96% satisfaction rate and a purchase intent of 66% for the March quarter. In fact, of all sizes are choosing iPad and iPhone to have them reimagine their everyday activities. We're seeing strong momentum in sectors such as retail, where iOS solutions being deployed for everything from product development to logistics to point-of-sale. Companies like Toys "R" Us, Coach, and Kate Spade are using and our mobility solutions to dramatically transform their customer and employee experiences. Our retail experienced strong double-digit growth in visitors and revenue in the December. We continually updating our stores and adding new and exciting outreach programs to educate kids on our products, entertain the with fresh music, teach future Swift developers to code, start, and evolve. We ended the quarter with $246.1 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase $8.5. We returned almost billion to investors during a very busy December quarter for our return. We spent $5 billion on repurchases of 44.3 million Apple shares through open market. And we launched a new $6 billion ASR, in an initial delivery and retirement of 44.8 shares. Our tax for quarter was 26%, as expected. we move into the March quarter, I'd like to review our which the of forward-looking information that Nancy referred at the beginning the call. This guidance range includes a $1.2 billion year-over-year headwind from foreign exchange. This guidance range includes an 80 basis points headwind from foreign exchange. First, Luca, are the factors that caused you to the gross margin for the March quarter?. back at our history, 100 basis points range gross margin is unusual. during a period when foreign exchange is volatile, think it's more prudent to broaden the range a bit. I've mentioned we expect assuming that don't move too much, expect foreign exchange to a major negative as we move from the December the March quarter. You know that the dollar has appreciated significantly toward the December quarter, so we've 80 basis points of sequential foreign. We also have the sequential of leverage, which is typical of our seasonality, but we expect to these two with cost efficiencies also with our mix products and. So obviously if the dollar is a little strong is today, we could do bit on gross margins. So I think that's very for the country good Apple. of original content, have put our toe in the water with doing some original content Apple Music, that will rolling out through the year. more things planned for it it's a long way in a year, and it us clear platform to build off. Two, embedded in the 150 paid subscriptions I mentioned in my opening there are a number of that are a we participate some by offering our platform selling and distributing. thirdly, with our toe in the water, we're a lot about the original content and thinking ways we play at that. guess the first question, really appreciate the you guys are providing your Services business, which up 18% over. much of that do you think is growth in your installed versus increased on per iOS to iOS basis?. what is particularly interesting to us is to that the number of people that are transacting our is increasing strong and we're ARPU customer is increasing digits, right. quality and the of content that make available in our improves all time. And that's we are about the future the Services business. I could just switch gears on a there has been a fair amount your market in China what's over there. Your numbers actually look fairly impressive in Greater China, China specifically. If you look at how we the quarter, as I Luca shared, our Greater China 12%, and about points of related, it's an point decline in currency. And then within China, you look at the PRC, our revenue was year year, and was against the all-time record quarter. So it's a better performance every way you look at versus what we had experienced the prior quarters. Underneath that, what we've is that iPhone 7 was smartphone in China the quarter, according Kantar. set new record for Services in China, as the company. Mac revenue was up double year over year. were also double digit Mainland China, was obviously different than the trend that we saw in the balance the world. also of our iPhone sales in China were to switchers and first-time which is a very number that. And obviously, our installed base continues to grow there in the double digits. I want to imply that, although I do like many, things that I've seen and broad-based pluses were across our line. Can you a bit more about the business?. And trying to figure out is I think the number was be within four years, at least your expectation. And then, as you grow your Services business, there anything we should keep mind a perspective?. lower margin or similar, so can about the trajectory and the contribution to the bottom line. Obviously, within the Services have a number of categories. said my opening comments that we grew 43% 13 weeks over 13 weeks, even more the quarter,. are seeing significant growth not only in developed markets, where you to lot transaction volume, but see great growth in places like China, example. We can grow, for example, our developer community a number of emerging. And so as we look, I earlier, as at number of people that transact growing double digits, see amount spent per paid growing so that App Store is driver. Obviously now, by having the of the download business the streaming service, which have until we've been able bring our business back growth. over last quarters, and we feel very good about that. A lot of it from the fact that install base of devices around world continues grow very strong double digits. We said many in aggregate our Services business tends to margins that are above company. Within the Services business, have different margin also as you know, we account for some of services in ways. In other cases, we perform as agents, example, to our developers, and that different margin percentages. I in the past there in of the emerging the you were basically not able – you weren't getting the volumes because to raise given the. But a lot of the emerging markets actually doing pretty well quarter. Since 2014, so we're talking 2.5 years ago, the dollar strengthened 25% against the basket of where we do. I've mentioned that foreign exchange is a significant for us, at the revenue level at the margin level. middle class is growing places like China, India, Brazil, but certainly the strong dollar doesn't help us. We always to find the optimal balance between units, revenue, and margin, and it becomes difficult as dollar. Luca, I'm wondering if you could talk a bit about gross margins. Sales obviously the high end of your revenue range. like gross margin was dead down the middle. you talk about the puts and takes in gross in the please?. We were actually at the high end of range gross. And really, the slight improvement over the midpoint of the due to fact that revenue ahead of expectations, and we got bit more out of the revenue levels. We very good about the gross margins for the. demonetization move in that created lots of economic pressure there quarter, despite that, we had all-time record revenue and we were very happy that. in the longer it's great move, and I really good how we're there. in discussions on number of things, retail stores, and fully intend to invest significantly in the country and great. I wanted to dig in a little bit more into the upside in the with record revenues in every except for. If you look at absolute number upgraders, it was the that seen in quarter. And if you look the switcher number, it's the highest we've seen any quarter. you look at upgrade rate, similar to year. tell you that the way we look at this is where you have constraint, it's to too conclusions from. As comps get easier this year, I think you're going be returning to growth in region. And then just to give us the context, I you talked the constant in revenue China. But curious if you strip out the double-digit increase iPad and MacBook potentially the mix to the iPhone 7 Plus, curious what iPhone units in Mainland China. So I think units on a sell-through basis were up 8%. So making all those it looks like iPhone units were probably up low single digits. But, Luca, you to the that your base was double digits. And more specifically, just like your broader perspective on investors should think about upgrade rates. you could step back and just a little bit more about how investors think about or what the trajectory has been over the two years and think going forward. Do you believe there are opportunities for that upgrade rate to or replacement to accelerate forward?. think question, a number of points that I to make. Starting with growth in the install iPhones, it's growing strong very good for a number of reasons, the fact that it's a driver for Services business. When we I think we see developments. we felt very, very good the unit growth we had in many markets the world. So I we are very, very performance. point that I think need to when you think about clearly, this issue of help us. Could we sell significantly more an upgrade cycle standpoint outside the United where we've been forced to increase by up to 20%, 40% in countries?. you think impact that this is on local demand, that doesn't us. The more able to innovate with of products, clearly that plays a role in the upgrade rate. at point in time that it will take some time, but the I think common sense will prevail courts will see it for what it. like it was about possibly even positive. You said was I it was well below the Street's expectations. talk about the iPad and what you going forward. The Steve, we had a 1.6 million-unit the years. On top of that from ASP point view, in the year-ago quarter launched the Pro 13. We would done the fill plus the launch of the product, so that have bolstered the in that particular. In to of that, did under-call the number of iPads that would in demand for quarter, and that compounded a issue had with one of our. If I zoom out of the and look at it, we've got exciting things coming iPad. I feel very about where we can take the product. the number of people buying iPads for first time, which is a good to look at from things reaching a or not, numbers indicate that it's not kind thing. And I see a lot of good things and hope for better results, but we are still currently in this issue now, and I'm not projecting to get out that quarter. And then, Tim, investors tend to think of the iPhone mature technology as incremental, yet I believe you said plenty runway in terms of appealing features. you there are future enhancements coming that will be viewed as material by and changes form factor, beyond way the looks?. time that you think could surprise people?. it's – every year it becomes more important to people's lives more things people are with. when at of these things, usage going up, developers still innovating, we've got some exciting things in the pipeline, I feel really, good it. A replay of today's call will be available for two as a podcast the iTunes Store, with a webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone.