 Good day everyone and welcome to this Apple, Incorporated Fourth Quarter Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would to turn the call to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. first today is Apple Tim and he will be followed by CFO Luca Maestri. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding margin, expenses, other income and taxes, business outlook. For more information, refer to the risk discussed in Apple's Form for 2015, the forms for the three quarters of 2016, and the Form 8-K with the SEC along with the associated press release. Apple assumes obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective dates. All of are excited and we think customers going to love these latest innovations. We generated billion in revenue in the quarter, toward the high end of our guidance. We sold 45.5 iPhones, reflecting continued improvement year-over-year performance compared to last two quarters, as we forecasted in. We had a record-setting quarter for Services, with revenue growth accelerating to 24%, reaching. App Store revenue continued to while Music revenue grew by 22% thanks to the growing popularity of Apple Music. Power recently announced Apple Music enjoys the highest satisfaction rating in streaming music market. Japanese customers are already in the habit of making contactless they commute, dine and so we expect a strong response adoption of Apple Pay. Around the world, seeing very strong growth transaction volume Apple Pay, which also launched in Russia New Zealand this month and coming to in the next months. Apple Pay were up nearly 500% year-on-year for the September quarter. remain very about the future of our Services business given unmatched level of satisfaction and of our growing installed. We have almost doubled the size of Services the four and as said before, we expect it be the size a Fortune company in fiscal. for our newest products, we're thrilled with the response to iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. These are the best iPhones ever made, with breakthrough camera systems, immersive stereo speakers, the best iPhone performance in battery life ever, thanks to custom-designed Apple Fusion chip. They feature the brightest, most colorful iPhone displays to date and come in new. to supply, but we're working very hard to get them into customers' hands as quickly as possible. We're also off to a great start with Apple Watch Series 2, the next generation of the world's most popular smartwatch, packed new features including GPS, water resistance, a dramatically brighter display and. Individuals and businesses alike are recognizing the potential of Apple Watch to people stay healthy, motivated and. One recent example is Aetna, which has announced a new initiative to revolutionize its health experience by subsidizing Watch customers select large employers. just out new versions of iOS, macOS watchOS and customers are loving the many great new features including Siri on the Mac, enhanced and fitness capabilities for Apple Watch and delightful new way to. We're seeing great from developers in the Store for Messages, and there has been marked increase in our monthly users. One of the great new features of iOS 10 is the Home app, which is making home automation easy to set up and to. expect over 100 HomeKit-compatible products to be on the market by the end of year, all and approved Apple to help ensure customer. Our Apple are wonderful places discover and learn about these great products the connected home. latest operating systems, machine learning is making our and services smarter, more intuitive and even personal. We've been using these for years to create user experiences, and we've also been investing heavily both R&D and acquisitions. Machine makes the fitness features of Apple Watch more accurate and even helps extend battery across our products. extended Siri to work in many new ways by opening it to developers and most by making Siri available to Mac users in Mac OS. They're a free year of service to of new iPhones and we're partnering with them to ensure great iPhone performance on their. iPhone sales in India up over in fiscal 2016 the year, and we we're just beginning to scratch the of large and growing market. Just last we announced a partnership with Deloitte to companies quickly and transform way they work by maximizing the power, ease of use, and security the iOS platform. Deloitte creating a unique Apple practice with over 5,000 strategic advisors focused on transform work in functions across enterprise. We're also collaborating on the development of Enterprise Next, a Deloitte consulting service designed to help clients across more than 20 industries take full advantage of the iOS ecosystem and quickly develop through prototyping. Now I'll it over to Luca to share the September quarter. Revenue for September quarter was $46.9 billion, towards the end of guidance range. revenue grew very strongly in many emerging markets, including Russia, the Middle East, Thailand and Vietnam, we continue to see solid Japan in Latin. Gross margin was 38%, at the top our guidance thanks to cost performance. Operating margin was 25.1% of revenue and net income $9 billion. Diluted earnings share were $1.67 and from operations $16.1 billion, which is a for the September quarter. We sold 45.5 million iPhones in the quarter, thanks to the very successful launch of iPhone iPhone 7 Plus continued strong demand for other. Including 2.7 million iPhones that were in transit at end of the we iPhone channel inventory by 2.5 million units, and we the well below five to seven week range of channel. We experienced strong iPhone growth in markets around the world, including America, Western Europe, Central Eastern Europe, East, India and South. for 7 7 Plus has significantly outpaced supply, on iPhone 7 and we're working very hard to get the new iPhones into the hands of our customers as quickly as possible. iPhone increased $619 in the quarter, which was above our expectations. That's up from $595 in quarter when we launched SE and we a significant channel inventory. We expect iPhone ASP increase markedly a sequential basis to a similar to ASP in the December quarter last. In the U.S. for instance, the latest survey fielded 451 Research found that among a smartphone within 90 days, 65% plan purchase iPhone, with the current iPhone owners a 97% customer rating. Among corporate smartphone buyers, the latest survey a 95% iPhone customer satisfaction that of those planning to purchase smartphones in the December quarter, planned to purchase. to Services, we generated an all-time $6.3 billion in revenue with an increase 24% a year. The App growth rate has now accelerated for five consecutive quarters, reaching 43% in the September quarter. According to Annie, it generated 100% more global revenue than Google in the September. the great performance from apps, we saw strong double-digit revenue growth in several other service categories and Apple transaction volume has grown as Tim. 4.9 Macs, facing a difficult year-over-year given the launch of new Macs in the spring of. our Mac installed base reached a new all-time high at of the September quarter we'll have exciting news to share with current and future Mac very soon. We ended the quarter below our four to five week range for channel. to iPad, revenue was flat compared to last. ASP was $459, higher than a year ago, with increase driven by the new Pro line. We sold 9.3 million iPads, we reduced channel inventory by about 80,000 units, exiting the quarter our five to seven-week target. We to be highly both in of market share and customer metrics in the the tablet market where we. from NPD indicates that iPad share in the tablet market in the quarter and had 82% share of tablets priced above $200. Corporate buyers a 94% satisfaction rate for iPad and a purchase intent of 68% for the December quarter. In the enterprise market, we are examples iPad and Mac deployment. Our Mobility Partner Program continues to grow stronger, with 120 partners around the world offering tailored solutions to businesses of all sizes. Revel a leading iPad point-of-sale solution partner, recently announced a global agreement with Shell retail implement Revel's iPad based POS system services at 34,000 Shell locations worldwide, including support for Pay in countries where Apple Pay is available. Thanks to much lower support cost and significantly higher residual value, the is saving as much as when the cost of Mac ownership to a PC over a full-year lifecycle. We ended the quarter with $237.6 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase $6.1. We $7 billion debt in July, leaving us with $79 in term debt at the end of the. We returned over $9 to investors during the September quarter as. We spent $3 billion on repurchases of 28.6 million Apple shares through open market transactions, and launched a new $3 billion ASR, resulting in initial delivery and of 22.5 million. During the September quarter, we also completed four acquisitions and incurred billion in expenditures. Our effective rate for the quarter was 26%, slightly higher than of a differential graphic of relative to our regional. rate for full fiscal year was 25.6% As we move ahead the quarter, would like to outlook, which the types of information that referred to at beginning of the. represents a return to over the all-time revenue record in the December quarter a year. And Tim, now that we're month in the iPhone 7, are seeing anything measurable terms of the annual upgrades?. And second is, historically in terms of new product categories, you guys always looked for unique advantage before getting into a segment. There are lot of rumors out there, and like on how you about an advantage that Apple could add in the auto space?. In iPhone the carriers that upgrade plans, information that we from is that demand is very robust. from a worldwide point of view, the truth is demand is outstripping in majority places, particularly on the iPhone 7 Plus. I can't speak about rumors, but as know, we for ways we can improve the and customers' experience on different sets of. And we are always looking at new things, and the car space in general is an that there lot that will either become or will be to revolutionize the experience. Do you think we'll at equilibrium the end of quarter supplies?. I wouldn't yes at this because the underlying demand extremely strong on both products but particularly on the iPhone 7 versus our going the product. Luca, can you help us understand what's embedded in revenue guidance for the extra as any of channel inventory given all the major are below target?. Just trying get at you see revenue and in growth year on year on more of a sellout you adjust for those two factors?. Let me a few things on the 14th revenue up for the quarter. Keep in mind that year ago for us was an quarterly revenue record. the interest from customers on iPhone 7 and 7 is very strong. We think can continue to grow very well into December. You 14th week, and the few extra days do help this. I think important to keep in mind that are other factors that go and offset days. know, launch timing the new iPhone different year. know, we iPhone channel inventory by 3.3 million units in the quarter 2016. said, we are very supply constrained on iPhone Plus this year. And also foreign exchange environment remains and we expect be about $650 headwind on a year-over-year basis into December quarter. So I that gives you a sense when you take into account all factors, believe that the. should we read into that R&D has more than doubled the past three years while sales was of a of that?. Are R&D investments just less efficient than they were in the history, we think about that incremental spend products that haven't yet come to market?. some amount that are products that today are in the phase that have reached the so that's a it. also put a lot of emphasis on our Services business well and on making the ecosystem even. can talk a bit more about China, just how you're thinking about where you're seeing pressure?. I know you that expect to a significant rebound during the first quarter, but what are customers telling the in. to of back up results for the the 90-day clock, and the full year of we were down 17% compared the year 2015 was up 84% from the previous. So if look to 2016, the revenue grew 52% and the CAGR 23%,. as probably know, the 2016 performance hurt by the of the which affected about 3%, so the business performance 14% down. so when rate in fiscal year 2016 to a normal upgrade rate, which would be akin to what we saw with the as point, it further fall. of year, we put in too much channel inventory and been resetting the channel inventory over the few quarters that beyond it or came after. the response to the iPhone 7 7 Plus been very positive. we'll out more through the quarter, but we're confident enough give you guidance that we're returning to growth this which obviously feels very good us. And so with the number of – growing into middle and the fairly low, around 50% or so, then I think we to have a good opportunity there, and so we. And I mean like smaller ones that done sort of cadence, but there was clearly least week in the world. So I just, if you can give sort of an overall how you think about that might be a bit larger normal. are open to of any size that are strategic value where we better products to our customers and. I guess a could say Apple benefiting from extra week quarter and benefiting from Samsung being in complete. And it reasonable to think is an ongoing growing business the company?. think you mentioned number of things that affecting us in December and I went through with Katy just. know that we increased iPhone channel inventory by 3.3 million a year. mentioned two that affect us, the one-timer from year ago you obviously need compare and the FX that reality our business right. And so when we look at these things in its we that the total company of course, we believe that going to grow. You that we don't get specific product a unit standpoint giving and so we feel very confident about the trajectory for the company and iPhone going. Apple has started on a limited scale some its own and whether you think content creation and ownership important to Apple, or ultimately sees its place the chain as being more the ecosystem and distribution. I wanted to dig the Services business a more. you look at Services the growth of the Services revenue been accelerating the course of the year during period when, you know, revenue came slightly. So that means in practice is that what we are with our customers our services that the people are actually taking of our services time tend more and more our. We've customers that are very engaged with our products. mentioned Apple Music, but we other parts of the business that continue even as I said during a of time when our have come down a bit. And then we've seen an increasing focus on artificial intelligence, both in smartphones like the Pixel from Google but also in some of the assistance, the Echo. answer your second question first, I think that most people like an assistant them all the. I'm just saying on a balance point of view, I think usage one on the phone will greater. you can just look at Siri today and this is now accelerating with iOS 10 and Mac, but we've been getting billion a for Siri. is on this worldwide, and so it's a U.S. but we want deliver a great experience around the it globally, and we've a lot of energy doing. the balance between privacy and AI, this is a long a high I think it's a false trade-off that you to believe that have to give in order to have AI something for you. Luca, I wanted ask about deferred revenue which was down about $1.3 June and I down $400 million September. Those are rather large declines, given fact that your units are down and had the accounting change back in September. talk about of the drivers of that what you might expect forward?. not to see the same thing going forward. And then we defer some on some other categories, like for example gift cards or some but in general by far the largest element is the in ESPs. And I don't you're going to see the same going forward. And then, Tim, some investors are antsy that Apple has not acquired new profit pools or introduced financially material new in years. does Apple today have a grand strategy for what you want to do?. in a couple years, we will see this flurry of new products and it'll sort of match do, but it's not yet?. your approach I guess to new products, do you have sense of where technology and you're going to play?. Tim and Luca, you saw that you could raise ASP on iPhone 7 by $20 you're completely sold out. this device a central role in our lives, so much owners probably look at that incremental cost as great trade-off to get best. So as you see and more features being added into do you conceptually you are anywhere to the point where ASPs further would be to. the 7 Plus, we put incredible of innovation into the camera and overall photo and customers are obviously using and discovered that they it. can Wamsi, keep in mind that in a lot of around world, reality that our customers seen price because of the right. Tim, this year we saw carrier come back to force post the launch of iPhone 7, 7 Plus. years ago there was a giant upgrade to iPhone from 6, 6 Plus. Do you think every couple of years we are likely to see carrier incentives come back into play given worries around thereby making the phone affordable?. of competition for customers in U.S. which I think is the market that you're talking. But suspect that any time there large phone that's in that two year kind that it tends to be sweet and I think probably will see a of people trying to recruit customers. Tim, you'd mentioned your prepared comments a bit about we've been doing a lot of work talking the opportunity India. And get lot of pushback about disposable income metrics and lots of like that, yet the population being can you a little bit about, do you see that India could at some point be as big. And appears that legal rules have kind of prevented from going in a lot, but looks like that's changing. it just kind of rate of investing that you're going?. On India, think it's important to look only at per capita which may be what looking at, but sort at the number of people that are or will move the middle class sort next decade. this year or this year and next year, there are enormous investments 4G we couldn't be more excited that because it really takes a great working with iPhone to produce great experience people. think the government is much more focused the on creating jobs, which is fantastic, because you really the kind of infrastructure and the to do. it's that the population of India will exceed China sometime in probably the next decade maybe than. truth is, there's going to be a of there and a lot people in the middle that will really a some of those. our starting point, even though we've growing a lot, is a lot of there mind, and so we working very hard to that opportunity. We want continue to business in all the areas where think is critical for us. You've seen the growth over the last of years. We are important investments in centers because we want to support our services. At the same time, we want to continue be efficient and lean. that we've done very well over the years and want to continue to do that. And is kind of the approach that we to take and continue to take going forward. If you step back for a look at implied guidance for December quarter, got an expense to revenue ratio 9%. And so we want to to have this balance, make the right remain efficient. had one for and then a follow-up for Tim. So, Luca, I wanted to ask about the margin guidance. I think that the Street and we expecting something little bit higher. I'm just do you that people are mis-modeling that or is there something going on with pricing or there you provide us more color on?. Yeah, Rod, me give you some detail on a sequential basis and give something on a where the disconnect comes from, looking last margins the December quarter. On a year-over-year keep in that last in Q1, we did 40%, of things that think need to be considered before doing. And you're left with less than 100 points on a year-over-year basis where we have the reality new cost structures into our products. is very, important I think for investors to understand that during the last two years. something that we offset almost entirely a number of going from pricing actions to cost to our hedging program, but at some the strong normal and we to work with that. I think over the years, we made good trade-offs and gross have been quite stable time. then, I wanted you to ask this question comes up in a wanted to ask could talk to us a little bit arguments on sides the dividend question. tell us what your intentions here, but you could us understand how that thinking the works, it be great. that Apple is very undervalued, and so we're with confidence in company that we know really. And addition to that, we know that shareholders really like a ongoing income, and so a amount that we think is a and have good record of raising annually. call will be available for weeks as podcast on the Store, as webcast on and via and your numbers for telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820.