 Good day and welcome to the Apple Incorporated Third Quarter Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I'd like turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. first today is Apple Tim Cook and he'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements including without those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, and taxes, capital allocation, share dividends business outlook. For more information, refer to the risk discussed in Apple's most periodic reports on and the 8-K filed with the SEC along with the associated press release. Today we're proud to report our best quarter revenue and earnings ever thanks to the strong of iPhone, services wearables. We generated $53.3 billion in revenue, a new Q3. That's an increase 17% over last year's result, it our seventh consecutive quarter of accelerating our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit our strongest rate of growth in the past. team generated record Q3 earnings share of $2.34, an increase of 40% over last year. Revenue was 20% year-over-year and our installed base grew by double-digits, driven by switchers, first time smartphone buyers and our customers whose appreciate. Based on the latest from IDC, iPhone grew faster than the global smartphone gaining share markets including the U.S., Greater Canada, Germany, Australia, Russia, Mexico and the Middle and Africa. we had a quarter in services which generated all-time record revenue of $9.5 billion fueled in part by double-digit growth in our overall base. feel great about the momentum our services business we're on target to our goal of our fiscal services revenue by. were driven by strong performance in a number of areas and I'd like to briefly just some of. subscriptions from and third parties have now surpassed million, an increase more than 60% in the past year alone. Revenue from subscriptions for a significant and increasing percentage of our overall services business. The App Store turned 10 years old month and set a new June quarter revenue record. App Store has exceeded our wildest expectations, a cultural and economic phenomenon that has changed people work, learn and play. party research estimates, the Store generated nearly twice the of Google Play so far in 2018. economy is thriving and thanks to the App Store, generating jobs tens of millions of around the world. Our have earned $100 billion from the App since its launch and we couldn't more proud of them and what they've accomplished. We've experienced rapid growth in our App Store search ad service as we earlier this month, we expanding our geographic coverage to Japan, South France, Germany, Italy and Spain. AppleCare revenue grew its highest rate in 18 quarters, partly due our expanded distribution initiative. We've hit all-time highs both the number of monthly active users of Messages the number of FaceTime calls made with the March to June. requests have already exceeded 100 billion so far this and the number articles read on Apple News more than doubled year-over-year. Apple Pay to expand with well over 1 billion last quarter, the amount from just a year ago, with growth accelerating from the March quarter. To put that tremendous growth into perspective, this past quarter, we completed more total transactions great companies Square and more mobile than PayPal. is now live in 24 markets with over 4,900 bank partners and we look forward adding later this year. Transit is another important area of growth and Apple Pay can be used with iPhone and Apple to quickly and conveniently ride public transit in areas. Apple Cash, our peer-to-peer payment service, is serving millions of customers across less than eight following its launch. Our third of the quarter is the outstanding which comprises Apple Watch, AirPods and Beats and was up over 60% growth from the March. wearables revenue exceeded $10 over the last four quarters, a truly remarkable accomplishment a set products that has only in the market for a few years. Watch delivered record performance with growth in the mid 40% and we're thrilled to see so many customers enjoying AirPods. A number of other notable events in the quarter, we expanded distribution of HomePod to three additional and we added new immersive listening with support HomePod pairs and a new multi-room audio. an extremely successful developers' that previewed many major advances coming this fall to our four operating systems, macOS, and tvOS. Developer and customer reaction been very positive and we have over million users in our new OS beta. with iOS 12, Siri will take a major step forward with Siri Shortcuts, which deliver a new, faster way to get things done and allow app to work with Siri. Activity reports will provide information on the amount and nature of time on iPhones and iPads and screen enable parents to monitor and limit their children's activity from their own devices using Family Sharing in iCloud. capabilities of ARKit 2 will build on the of the thousands of AR already available in the App Store iPhone and iPad users see and experience the. We've started with of our own apps, this fall, News, Stocks, Voice Memos and Home will available on Mac for first time with macOS Mojave and we'll be great new to our developers next year. We believe this will dramatically broaden the ecosystem to benefit all Mac users, creating more great reasons choose. Also fall, the Mac App Store is getting a full redesign with rich editorial content to help discover great Mac from our developers. Watch will become an even stronger companion for fitness, communication and quick access to information with features including new workouts, activity sharing competitions, auto workout detection, advanced running features, walkie-talkie, podcast and third party apps the Siri watch face. For Apple we've seen major growth in sales since introduction of Apple 4K last fall as video providers around world choose Apple TV 4K to their subscription services. Later this year, Charter Communications will begin offering Apple TV to its customers in providing access to live channels and tens of thousands on-demand via the Spectrum TV app on Apple TV 4K, iPhone and iPad. And tvOS will take the cinematic experience of Apple TV 4K to the next level this fall support for Atmos audio and new features to easily popular shows and movies. Apple TV 4K already offers customers the collection of HDR movies and this fall, iTunes will be the home to the collection of Atmos-supported movies anywhere. We're always working to leave world better than we and as of our commitment to address change and increase the use of in our recently a first of kind investment fund in China. Initially, 10 suppliers will us in investing nearly million over the next four years the China Clean. The fund will invest in and develop energy projects totaling more than 1 gigawatt of renewable energy in China, the equivalent of nearly 1 million homes. opening doors for students and job seekers around the world tremendous growth in the app economy creates opportunity everywhere we look. We're working with key partners in the enterprise to change the way gets done with iOS and Mac. We're welcoming communities and offering learning opportunities at our retail locations through hundreds thousands of Today at Apple sessions each. We're expanding reach into emerging markets seeing strong double-digit growth in revenue and we're making great progress toward our goal of significantly expanding services business. more on the record June quarter results, I'd like turn the call over to Luca. very pleased to the financial results our best June ever. we have done in every quarter this fiscal year, we set new quarterly records for both revenue and earnings share, with up 17% year-over-year and EPS 40%. We generated $53.3 billion of revenue with year-over-year in all of our geographic segments and new quarter records in the Americas, Europe, Japan and rest of Asia. each of top 15 markets, with especially strong performance in U.S., Hong Kong, Russia, Mexico, Middle East and Africa, all places where revenue up by than. Net income was $11.5 billion, or 32% over last year and it was also a new quarter record. Diluted earnings per share $2.34, up 40% and also a new record the June quarter and strong at $14.5 billion. grew 20% year-over-year with iPhone ASP increasing to $724 from $606 year ago, driven by the iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus across the world. During the quarter, we sold 41.3 million iPhones, with double-digit unit growth in markets including the Canada, Germany, Switzerland, Mexico, Hong Kong, Russia, the East Africa. Our from a customer demand standpoint was stronger than our results as we iPhone channel by 3.5 million units during the. We exited the June quarter towards the lower end of our range of 5 7 weeks of channel. And among buyers who plan to purchase smartphones in the September quarter, 81% to purchase iPhones, up 3 from the last survey. Turning to services, we had our best results ever with record of $9.5. Services revenue included a favorable $236 million one-time item in connection with the final resolution of various lawsuits. this amount, services revenue was an all-time and the underlying growth of our services was a terrific 28% over year. We generated double-digit services growth in all our geographic segments and the App Store, AppleCare, Apple cloud services and Pay all set new June quarter. Our other product category also set a new for the June quarter with of over $3.7. 37% from last year with great sales momentum for both Apple Watch and AirPods. Apple continues to be the best selling smartwatch by a wide units dramatically during the quarter. We were very to see double digit year-over-year in our active Macs to a new all-time high with 60% of during the quarter coming from who are to. Our year-over-year performance was impacted by different timing of the MacBook Pro which not occur until early Q4 this year as opposed to last year, with subsequent channel fill during the June. with a difficult launch comparison, we saw great momentum in many emerging markets, with growth well double digits and we new June quarter records sales in India, Chile and Central and Eastern. iPad unit sales grew the fifth consecutive quarter and gained significant share of global tablet market based the latest estimates from IDC. We recorded double digit iPad unit growth in both our Greater China and rest of Asia segments with a June quarter record for iPad sales in Mainland. Almost half of iPad purchases in the quarter were by new to iPad and our active base iPads reached a new all-time high. overall performance compared to last year was impacted by the introduction new iPad Pro models in June of year which resulted in both a with ASPs and channel sale a year. indicates that iPad has 60% share of the tablet market in the quarter, up from share year ago. And the most recent consumer survey from Research measured iPad customer satisfaction of 94%, and among plan to purchase tablets in the September quarter, 75% plan to iPads. For example, financial services institutions are increasingly using iPads to deploy digital signature solutions for customer consent, compliance requirements, account openings and services transactions. In the railway industry, businesses around the world are using iPhone and iPad support training, passenger engagement and activities. global automotive companies are deploying iPads in for sales enablement and end-to-end customer service management and are choosing iPhone as the standard mobile device their employees around the world. More and more companies are giving their teams a choice when it comes to the they at and enterprises Salesforce and Capital One deploying Macs based on employee preference. In fact, at Salesforce, the majority of their 35,000 employees are using Macs and companies tell us that has instrumental them retain talent while providing strong streamlined deployment, and significantly total cost of ownership. We're also seeing great interest in Business Chat, our new way for organizations to connect with customers. Business Chat lets customers answers to resolve issues and complete transactions directly from within Messages by starting a conversation on their iPhone or iPad and even continue the conversation on their Mac or Apple Watch. can reach a live agent with their questions, make account changes, an or order a pay-per-view movie sporting event, all without leaving the Messages conversation. Fans simply use their iPhone camera to scan QR code the back their seats taking them directly to Business conversation in Messages. Our retail and online stores had a great thanks to very strong growth from iPhone, AirPods and Watch and the expansion of to Canada, France and. Our stores hosted more than 250,000 our very successful Today at Apple sessions. We continue to add content across all Today at Apple topics including popular new sessions on music and. We our 50th retail store Greater China during the quarter we just a beautiful new store in Milan this the number stores located outside the U.S. to 46% the. We ended the quarter with $243.7 billion in cash marketable. move ahead the September quarter, I'd like to review our outlook includes types forward-looking information that Nancy referred to the beginning of call. As you recall, our September quarter results last year included a one-time favorable adjustment of $640 to our revenue. our revenue guidance implies year-over-year of about 16% to 19%. You're on track to hit services revenue even earlier than planned, so how thinking next of services growth as you move into next three to five years?. the next leg of this, given the that we're seeing board, we feel about our current but we're also thrilled about our that some new services it as well. Katy, margins, let me tell you about the puts and for the June quarter, then I'll about the guidance for and some observations for the future. year we were able to offset that with some improvements and also we had some in foreign exchange on sequential basis. you know, we have what we call product transition costs during the year we also have about bps of headwind from foreign again because the has recently. those be offset by positive because you've the revenue guidance we provided and the mix to services that you've actually mentioned your. Looking forward, you know we don't provide guidance beyond the current quarter, but think we have pretty last several years make good business decisions, units, and margins. has a significant for the last 12, 18 months the June quarter was a negative. Our next question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. that had about nine months of experience with a high-end fully featured you talk a about what you think customers the elasticity of demand is and how you're sort of thinking position?. And if you, and look iPhone X in particular, it's the most innovative on the market. And I think in this learned that customers innovative we sort of already knew that in other cycles other points in times, it just puts an exclamation by I with looking results. If you look at on a geographic basis, top three selling phones in urban China were number for a couple of quarters, and iPhones make up three of top five smartphones UK Japan. it's difficult sometimes to get a read over exactly what's happening in the market, but given the industry we've it's we picked global market share picked up market share in several countries, not only but. can you talk a bit about China, Greater China up 19% year-over-year during quarter, I believe?. Obviously iPhone doing well, but concern that maybe some of what's on in the trade world might have impacted. I'm just curious as to what you're seeing in China and how you're as you look forward. This is the fourth consecutive quarter that had double digit growth Greater China. of tariffs themselves, maybe I could sort of take a step some people have questions on this. And our view on tariffs is that they show up as a tax on the consumer and wind up in lower economic significant risk of consequences. the have been imposed have the comment period think one that's exiting today – there have been those I can walk those briefly just to make sure everybody is the same page. been two other that have totaled about $50 billion of goods from China that have either implemented or the comment period in this month. There is a fourth tariff which includes goods valued at $200 billion, also focused on that are imported. Probably else, we're evaluating one and we'll be sharing views it with administration and so forth comment period for that one ends. Maybe they're related to data and this sort thing and so we're through that now and we'll be sharing our results on those and feeding back public comment. I'm wondering if you could talk a bit about the multi-year partnership with Oprah Winfrey and what says about your original content strategy also Apple Music. you give a little more colors or an update maybe around paid subscribers total around Apple Music and how feel that's out. the sort of the key catalysts and the changes, the cord view only going to and accelerate at a faster rate is widely thought. We're seeing the things that have on the periphery of this like Apple TV, units and revenue grew very strong strong double in Q3. As I in my opening comments, we're seeing providers up the Apple TV use it as their box to go to with their service. 300 million-plus paid subscriptions, of these are third party video subscriptions and we see the growth there. In terms of Apple Music, we're well over 50 million listeners now you add paid subscribers and folks the and so we're a very, very good rate. is to grow the market, because if you everyone up that's providing subscription music today streaming music, it's, of China, it's than 200 probably around world. does seem to there's an extraordinary business to grow the market and think if put our emphasis which we're doing, be a of as other people will as well. Our revenues Music grew over 50% I'd mentioned earlier during the quarter, and so some really, really strong. Luca, I'm wondering as we think about modeling Q4, iPhone ASPs are typically up sequentially about 2% to of low single digits. I know you provided quarter on how we should be thinking Q3 ASPs. Inc. Toni, as you know, we do not provide guidance for units or ASPs for any product category, but of course we provided guidance on revenue and the range implies growth of 16% to. the growth come from growth from iPhone, from services from wearables, which has been a bit of our pattern during the course the. On iPhone the only that I would point out is June quarter a significantly higher level than in the past and that to keep in we move the September quarter. It's to keep in mind the type of revenue that we've implied in our guidance. actually best the world to be in for that is in business we're. revenues are up for the quarter over last year. about doing for the user and I think the users the customers then have business over and so that's how we'd look at that. I think the home Laura, is bigger than the HomePod and Apple TV. They're both important clearly, but everybody has their iPhone home well and has their Mac home everyone has their iPad at home. And so in terms of access point, as you can tell from 100 billion I quoted the script, there's extraordinary amount of of these products that used to perform home-related functions. that but part of it is the Apple Watch the the iPad, and so is important. A lot people that buy Apple products buy for the whole ecosystem, though they might not currently all the different products. And there's the have really gone through the roof and the Apple Watch has hit an air pocket has to a different level I'd mentioned earlier with our wearables revenue. It is, but on your point though, it is clear from I've had with users that some of attracted to because of the Apple Watch.