 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to this Apple Incorporated Quarter Fiscal Year Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would to turn the call to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. begin, we want to know that in addition to our press summary data schedule, published some supplemental be referring to in remarks today and you can on Investor website, apple.com/investor. Speaking first today is Apple Tim Cook, he will be followed by CFO, Luca and that, we'll open the call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding margin, expenses, other income and taxes business outlook. We generated all-time record quarterly revenue of $75.9 billion the December quarter, in line our expectations and up 2% over last year's blockbuster. Our record revenue and continued strong operating performance led to an all-time record quarterly net income of $18.4. We sold million iPhones the December quarter, an all-time. million iPhones is an incredible number and it speaks to both the immense popularity iPhone and the execution of our teams to massive number devices such period of. Major markets, including Brazil, Russia, Japan, Canada, Southeast Asia, Australia, Turkey and the eurozone, been impacted by slowing economic growth, falling commodity prices and weakening currencies. 66% Apple's revenue is now generated outside the United States, foreign currency have a very meaningful impact on. $100 of non-U.S. dollar revenue Q4 of 2014 translated to $85 last quarter to weakening currencies in. Page two of our supplemental material illustrates our Q1 and growth rates in constant currency. The 8% rate I spoke about earlier translates to $80.8 billion in constant currency billion than our reported revenue. summer, while many were experiencing weakness in their China-based results, we the with incredible for iPhone, Mac and the App Store, in particular. In the December quarter, despite the turbulent environment, we produced our best results ever in Greater China, with revenue growing 14% last 47% sequentially, 17% year-over-year in currency. These great results were fueled by our highest quarterly sales and record App Store performance. Notwithstanding these record results, we began to see some signs of economic softness in Greater this month, notably in Hong Kong. Beyond the volatility, we very about the long-term potential the China market the large opportunities of us and we maintaining our plans. Despite economic challenges all over the world, Apple remains strong. We a greater of switchers from Android iPhone than ever in Q1, and we are very optimistic about business over. Innovation has always been the reason behind our and we remain committed making the best the world expanding the Apple experience change our lives in and more meaningful ways. In some of the most important products Apple's history were born as a investing through the downturn. We've also seen these times as opportunities to invest in new markets, just we're doing now in areas such other emerging markets. We launched the Apple TV its own App Store, the foundation for the of. We had best quarter by far for Apple TV and the number of apps developed for Apple TV growing. We distribution of Apple Watch to almost 12,000 locations in 48 countries during the. As we expected, set a new quarterly record for Apple Watch sales, with especially strong sales in month December. launched Pay in Canada and Australia with American Express and announced plans to bring this amazingly convenient, and secure mobile payment experience Kong, Spain and in the coming. second half of we saw a significant acceleration in usage, with a growth 10 times higher the first half of year. There are over 5 contactless payment ready locations in the Pay live today it's soon to accepted at thousands of and Mobil branded stations across the U.S. via Speedpass+ app. Finally, also shared the incredible Apple Music experience with even more listeners, with over million paying less than four months since customers paying for service. during a period of economic uncertainty, we believe is important to a portion of Apple's revenue recurs over. For example, recent consumer surveys by 451 Research, formerly as ChangeWave, measured an incredible 99% customer satisfaction rate for iPhone 6S 6S Plus an equally impressive 97% rate for the iPad Air 2. addition, a portion of our revenue is driven by our existing. Because our customers are very satisfied and engaged, spend a lot of time on devices and purchase apps, content, and services. to buy other Apple products or replace the one that they. as result, our install base has been growing very fast and has reached a milestone, crossing 1 billion active for the first. Because our install base has grown quickly, we have also an acceleration the growth our large and important source of revenues. we have reached this of billion active devices, we felt this would be information what has become one of the service businesses the world. So now, I'd to turn the call to Luca, who provide more insight into how our platform has grown, followed details on our record quarterly results. Each quarter, we report results for our Services category, which includes from iTunes, the App AppleCare, iCloud, Pay, licensing, and other items. Today, we like to highlight the major growth in this category, which we have summarized page three of material. The vast majority of the services we provide to our for instance, apps, movies and TV shows, are tied to our base of rather to current quarter sales. For some of these services, such content, we recognize revenue based on transaction value. For the services, such as the App Store, we share portion of the value of transaction with the app and only revenue on the that keep. To fully comprehend the scale of the that we are delivering to our installed base and fast this growing, we at purchases addition to revenue. When we aggregate the purchase value of tied to our installed base fiscal 2015, it adds up to than billion. recent December quarter, purchases installed base services reached $8.9 billion, which is a growth rate of year-over-year. size and growth of these services tied to our installed compare favorably to other services companies you're familiar with. Our installed services are also quite profitable, with gross on a purchase value basis, are to our company average. we're excited the scale and growth our active installed base, we indicate on page four. installed base has recently past 1 billion devices with year-over-year growth of more than 25%. We have tremendously satisfied and loyal who are engaged with our services at a fast growing. Let me now turn the details our record breaking quarter. Tim said, revenue was $75.9 billion, increase of billion or 2% year-over-year. Our growth was by all-time record sales, all-time record revenue from services, expanded availability of Apple Watch, and the successful launch of the Apple. We this record revenue despite a very large negative impact from the of foreign currency and constant currency; our revenue growth was. We once again achieved very results in Greater China, with growing 14% year-over-year and 47% sequentially to an record of $18.4. Emerging performance was strong overall, up 11% company for the quarter. Company gross margin was 40.1%, up sequentially and better than expectations, mainly due to favorable commodity and product mix. Operating margin was 31.9% of revenue net income was $18.4 billion, a all-time record. Diluted earnings per share $3.28, a 7% year-over-year increase over our previous all-time and cash flow from operations at $27.5 billion. We sold 74.8 million iPhones in the quarter, an increase 300,000 to last December quarter's sensational. iPhone ASP was $691 compared to $687 in the year ago quarter, spite of a very unfavorable exchange impact. We continue to see strong interest in iPhone not only with consumers also with business. Among corporate buyers planning to smartphones in the March quarter, Research found that 79% planned to purchase. We started the quarter below our channel inventory target range and to an extremely manufacturing ramp; we able to exit slightly above the low of our target range of five to weeks of channel. We continued our long running trend of IDC's latest estimate of an global market contraction, and we were especially happy with 27% year-over-year Mac sales growth Mainland. We ended the quarter within our four to five-week range for channel. Turning to iPad, we sold 16.1 million, compared million in year quarter, and we exited quarter within our five to seven-week target range iPad channel. from NPD indicates that iPad 85% share of the U.S. for tablets priced above $200. IBM released 48 new IBM MobileFirst for iOS apps in the quarter and there 100 apps in the MobileFirst for iOS catalog for iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch. Our engineering teams are on track to deliver exciting new capabilities that create a fast lane for iOS business users by optimizing Cisco networks for iOS devices and apps, integrate iPhone with enterprise environments and provide unique collaboration iPhone and. We are also to grow our mobility partner. One great example our progress in the enterprise is Eli Lilly, who boosted sales by 15,000 based personnel the world with. A leader in mobile technology, Lilly has laptops in the field is upgrading its U.S. field sales teams to iPad Pro. Turning to services, we generated almost billion in revenue, including $548 million we received from patent infringement. Excluding that amount, our services revenue was $5.5 billion, a new all-time record and an of 15% over last year, thanks in part to growth from apps. Revenue from App Store increased 27% and the number of customers grew 18%, also setting all-time record. Among our who purchased apps content from our iTunes stores, the amount spent customer reached an all-time high in the quarter. Revenue from other products grew strongly, up over last year, to the growing as well as the successful of the new Apple TV, both of which established new all-time quarterly records. We expanded Apple distribution significantly over the course the quarter we experienced strong results during the holiday buying. We ended the quarter with $215.7 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase $10.1. We over $9 billion to investors during the. We paid $3 billion in dividends and equivalents and we spent $3 billion repurchase 26 million Apple shares through open market. As we have done in past, plan to provide an on our return program when report second quarter results April. move ahead the March quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, includes types forward-looking information that Nancy referred to the beginning of call. We are providing a range for revenue usual for the quarter of the volatility we seeing in the economy and in the financial and. We believe these are strong margins in light of headwinds we face from foreign exchange and the loss of. know, we provide guidance beyond the current quarter it's difficult for to economic and foreign exchange factors; however, at this point, we believe quarter the most difficult compare relative to the of year. Just terms of your March quarter guidance, does imply a decline at the midpoint. currency, you at it for the quarter, would be between 5% and 10%. So, we looking at a 400 basis point impact from quarter. lapping, of course, a strong year quarter -- just remind you growth year ago was up 27%, there's a number of things. you think about all the -- particularly the commodity-driven economies, Brazil and Russia and markets, but also Canada, Australia in developed economy is weaker than a ago. One of the things that done to respond to foreign exchange been to increase price of some in international. That has the effect protecting our which you've seen have very strong, both the December quarter and the that we provide the March quarter. Tim, could talk a little about the iPhone upgrade and the theme of iPhone a subscription?. particular, you believe that could have a measurable on quarter we anniversary this?. And I guess follow-up question would be I know you can't talk about new but level thoughts on virtual theme. On first question I think most important Gene, as you know for will be the product and experience. terms of the upgrade program itself, I think over it will be as customers get a different pattern. I appreciate macro comments as it relates to guidance, but can you talk a about how you're thinking might react from ASP perspective?. We couldn't happier with level of ASP that generated in the December. We had great for the iPhones that we at the end of. at the during the quarter, it very, very strong. On the question around channel inventory, we the quarter, the December -- we mentioned it back October our range of five to weeks. We have a bit inventory during the course of the December. quarter also on iPad and Mac well within the ranges that want to have. And given the slowdown you started to in December, are you still comfortable that level investment growth?. Then we've got data centers and data centers is a growing expenditure for because, as mentioned in prepared remarks, installed base of customers devices is growing, and is growing significantly. the center capacity that we put place is provide the services are tied to the base. And then around facilities, you probably that we are nearing new campus here and so is the year where got our peak in terms of capital. To start, just on iPhones, it looks like your guidance implies about 15% to 20% decline in Q2, unless you really see a change in decline year-over-year fiscal 2016. And like you to address that question, because the obvious follow-up questions are that you market won't grow because Apple be reaching in the market?. Is that because Apple's year and is decelerating this year and that's why we'll see a decline units?. Or is there something about Apple's ability to share in a where the market is moving lower points?. and Tim, maybe you're best to answer it, you address what appears to a in iPhone units and how we put context how think that, given some around switchers that highlighted. Toni, do think that iPhone units will decline in quarter. that they will decline to the that you're talking. We believe the toughest compare because of the year ago also had catch up from. I mean can you speak to of the points around your expectation market or whether you your replacement has changed whether your ability to has. so as I look sort of your -- maybe your umbrella point about on the metrics I see strongly suggest otherwise. For example, half of the iPhones that we sold in China last quarter to people were buying their first iPhone. Luca you had talked about channel it was 18.4 million for iPhone quarter. I'm not sure if misheard think said total installed base grew 25% year-over-year. There is a of our services business that is not related to installed base and more to when we sell a. A example would an Apple agreement that at the time the sale of the device. And then we showing that on that portion installed base driven services is a is related to -- where we recognize transaction value. And there are like for example, App Store sales, where a of the transaction does not get recognized by but it to the developer. you at it from a purchase value standpoint, in the quarter, grew 24%, and for the we at 23%. of the installed base, yes, it was over. To the around the inventory for iPhone, we grew channel inventory by million units during the of the quarter. Luca, you gross margins 39% to 39.5% in your guidance and hedging. can you clarify if within the gross margin this quarter that had the IP contribution, as well?. Yes, it was in the margins and it was worth points in the that we reported Q1. From an FX the negative on a sequential basis from the December is 50 points. of course, I would say by the largest impact on margins for the quarter the loss leverage, because part of our seasonal gets by a favorable commodity environment we've seen for a of quarters. said you want to invest while there's great opportunity in and of that. And how should we think about it, you're running billion a quarter?. In terms of SG&A, we obviously seek throttle expenditures in SG&A to business with the exception where we're investing new stores for example, our expansion China have not changed. in markets where we believe they are great places for for long-term, like India, as an example. And finally, in the markets where today, grandly, it looks bleak, from Russia and Brazil and some of the other that are much to our oil-based economies. are strong enough to continue investing we it's in Apple's best long-term interest do. think this is exactly that you want to invest and so confidently. Tim, could you talk a little about the next leg of in China?. I think there's billion mobile subscribers there, almost the size of. LTE penetration as the end of last October, which the data I've was in the mid-20s. And we this provides us a great opportunity to win over some of customers the ecosystem. have 28 in Greater China and we're on to have 40 in the summertime. It's the largest smartphone market in world, behind China and the States. And so see the demographics there also being incredibly great for a consumer brand people that really want best products. You a the macroeconomic weakness on units, but is some of last year accelerated this year kind of normalizing, kind a in terms of the unit growth you see in that. In terms of your initial question about is there some of issue are that ran out to and 6 Plus sort of accelerated?. However, think you tell from numbers that Luca is talking about on currency side and that's thinking the affect that increases can sometimes on business over period time, clear that the piece large. As far the question, Tim, I wanted to get a from you in terms what is the overarching message of more here around services. this really to just reinforce the power of the franchise Apple in terms of really navigate tougher macro times in terms the revenue, or is a stepping to much in of i.e. think of the stuff do on the data center side. started breaking out services, you know, the beginning of fiscal year. Can you a little more about what you're seeing in terms of in-store at the Stores?. Are seeing any sort of dislocation terms of are moving to the upgrade finance program, are they moving toward Apple maybe the in-store percentage used to related carriers?. In other are folks going Apple instead of carriers, when buy their phone, as part of these upgrade programs?. This has to do with wanting to provide customers a very simple way to upgrade. serve a significant number customers in the Apple Store the iPhone when new and when comes out, so we've designed a that made it and easy to that. I have idea over time how the percentage of the sales will vary between carriers the Apple store, but that's not our overriding. for Tim and a detail follow-up for Luca. With the slowdown in the macro FX and also GDP revision, strategy go-to-market still at or is there a need to go to more a middle market or lower price to attract customers?. Just it seems like growing installed base and services, as pointed out, really economically could help out Apple the long-term. And assume it's all this quarter it, it's all gross margin, and then don't cause that to reoccur again forward. And -- for the smartphone market, that we are able to though several different points for customers. And Jim, the patent question, yes, obviously item that the December quarter. To your around was included in the guidance, the probability of the amount incorporated in of the range. A replay of today's call will be available two weeks, podcast on the iTunes store, webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone.