 day and welcome to the Apple Incorporated fourth quarter year 2018 earnings conference call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would to turn the call to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. first today is Apple Tim Cook and he'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consistent of forward-looking including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross expenses, income and expense, taxes, allocation, business outlook. For more information, refer to the Risk discussed in Apple's most filed periodic reports 10-Q, and the form 8-K filed with the SEC along with the Associated Press release. In addition to being a great it put an point the end of a remarkable. year, we shipped our 2 billionth device, celebrated the 10th of the App and achieved the strongest revenue earnings Apple's history. In fiscal year 2018, our grew by $36.4 billion. the equivalent of Fortune 100 in a single year, and we're capping all that off with. Record results iPhone, services, and wearables drove our momentum and produced strong revenue growth in all of our geographic segments. Q4 revenue was up 29% over last year, an over $8 billion to a new September quarter record fueled by continued momentum for iPhone 8, 8 and X, the very launch of iPhone XS and XS Max. These latest devices are our most iPhones ever with the industry's first 7-nanometer A12 chip with an Apple designed 8-core Neural capable executing an astounding trillion operations per second. sets the iPhone experience far apart the competition, using real-time machine learning to transform the we experience photos, gaming, augmented and more. is delivering system-wide performance enhancements, Siri Shortcuts, and new tools to help people reduce interruptions and manage screen time for themselves their kids. From gaming to shopping, we're seeing great new use cases emerge. deliver best experiences of any products in market today with the announcement of new iPad Pro this week, we've made gap even wider. When paired with the beautifully Apple Pencil and a new streamlined full-size Smart Keyboard, iPad Pro will extend the ultimate and productivity device. For services, it was our quarter ever revenue at $10 billion. impact of favorable one-time accounting adjustment of $640 million a year ago, our services growth 27%. We set new Q4 records in all of our geographic and new all-time revenue records for the App cloud services, AppleCare, Apple Music and Apple. We continued to see strong growth in paid subscriptions reaching over 330 million in our. I want to spotlight the performance Apple Pay, is by far the number one contactless payment service. And to that into perspective, Apple Pay generated significantly more transactions than even PayPal Mobile with over 4 the growth. With these additions, 71 of the top 100 support Pay. We continue to invest in our strategy to replace the wallet the recent of student ID at several major U.S. And 10 months following its launch, Apple Pay Cash is the highest-rated mobile peer-to-peer service Reports, based on exceptional authentication and data. We set all-time quarterly for Mac revenue, thanks to strong performance in MacBook Pro and the impact of back-to-school. In September, we delivered macOS Mojave, bringing powerful new features to Mac like Dark Mode, Stacks and a completely redesigned App Store. Consider alongside release of iOS 12, WatchOS 5 and a new tvOS, Mojave tells a powerful story of define Apple ecosystem. With revenue growth over 50%, it was another record quarter for wearables, which Watch, AirPods and Beats products. With the highest customer satisfaction the industry, Apple Watch has an essential part of lives. The customer response to the Apple Watch Series 4 has been overwhelmingly positive, driven by all-new design, larger display, faster performance, fall detection, enhanced cellular and electrical heart sensor. Later year, the ECG App will be available to Apple Series 4 customers the U.S., giving them the ability to take any time, from their wrist. Our Today at Apple sessions are a terrific example of that looks like in. We over 250,000 Today Apple sessions this quarter, connecting aspiring creators with local photographers, illustrators, and other experts who can them get the most out their. With the addition of beautiful new stores in Italy, China, and just a few Thailand, will have 506 stores can further those relationships, half of which are States. I turn the over to Luca, like to touch on two show up our financial statement but are just as integral to Apple's mission and our commitment to the a place. We're also excited educators in more 350 schools around the world have started working Everyone Create, the free collection of tools and guides we introduced this spring, designed to help kids' creativity throughout their school day with help iPad. a milestone year for Apple's commitment to our planet. And just this week, we announced that the enclosures of new products like MacBook Air iPad Pro will be made from 100% recycled aluminum, a strong, beautiful alloy Apple. a great example of how a commitment to do right on the issues that matter drive unimaginable new ways of approaching old problems, apart. like thank all of our customers, developers, and business partners for helping us outstanding results across our fiscal. We are headed into the with our product lineup ever, and we not be bullish about Apple's. We are pleased to report record results for our September quarter, which capped a tremendously successful fiscal 2018, year in which we saw double-digit revenue in every segment and new revenue and earnings records in. Revenue in the quarter was $62.9 billion, up and more than $10 billion over last with strong growth in each of our geographic segments and record in in Europe, and the of Asia-Pacific. In fact, we new revenue records in almost every market we track, with especially strong growth Germany, Italy, Sweden, Switzerland, Japan, Korea, all major markets where revenue growth was or higher. We also set new fourth quarter revenue records for iPhone and wearables and new all-time records for services and. Gross margin was 38.3%, flat sequentially, in line with our as leverage from higher revenue offset transition costs. We set new September quarter records for net income, EPS, and cash flow from. flow from operations was $19.5 billion, up $3.8 from a year ago. iPhone revenue grew 29% with growth of more than 20% in every geographic segment. iPhone ASP was $793 to $618 a year driven by strong performance of X, 8 and 8 Plus, as well as the XS and XS Max the September quarter this year, while we launched iPhone last year. We sold 46.9 million iPhones during the quarter, with growth of 20% or more in several markets, including Japan, Australia, Zealand, Sweden, Norway, Chile, and. And among business buyers who plan to smartphones in the December quarter, plan to purchase iPhones. Turning to services, it was our quarter ever in total and virtually in every market around the with of $10. A year ago, we had a one-time $640 million favorable impact to accounting adjustment. account, our services growth Q4 this was 27%. Tim mentioned, we reached new quarterly revenue records many services categories, we are our way to achieve our goal to double our fiscal 2016 revenue by 2020. In fact, 30,000 subscription apps are available on the App Store today, the largest of them represents less 0.3% of our total. We saw great response to our new MacBook Pro models that we launched in July, with strong revenue growth driving an all quarterly record for Mac. were especially pleased with Mac momentum in emerging with strong growth in Latin America, in India, the Middle and Africa, and Central and Eastern. At over 100 units, our installed base of Macs is at all-time high, and majority customers purchasing Macs in the quarter were new to. We sold 9.7 million during the quarter, share in nearly every market we track, on the latest estimates from. We generated iPad growth in a of key regions the world, including Latin India, and South. Among customers around the world purchasing iPads during the quarter, half were new to and our active base of iPads reached new all-time. indicates that iPad had 58% share of the tablet market in the quarter, up from share year ago. And the most recent consumer survey from 451 Research measured iPad customer satisfaction ratings of 96% for both iPad and Pro. And among business customers who plan to tablets in the December quarter, plan to purchase iPads. revenue grew 31% to new September quarter record with an increase of $1 billion to a year ago thanks to wearables growth of over 50% and the strong performance Apple TV, in addition to the earlier this year. As we look back across fiscal 2018, we've made great progress in the market, where iOS is how business gets done across industries. In fact, over 450 airlines and 47 of the top 50 world have adopted iOS to help pilots fly saver, more efficient flights and many airlines also using iOS support. We're also making great strides in the retail sector, where 9 of the top global retailers use iOS devices transform their customer and employee experiences. Deployment of iOS devices is growing steadily as retailers replace their traditional point-of-sale systems and use custom iOS on iPhones and iPads to highly personalized shopping experiences. Additionally, earlier in the year introduced two new technology offerings. IBM Watson services for Core ML, and the IBM Cloud Developer Console for Apple that are enabling businesses to learning and cloud for a new of dynamic smart apps made for iOS. In our new partnership with Salesforce, excited bring together the number one customer relationship management platform iOS. Together with Apple, Salesforce is redesigning its apps to embrace a native mobile with exclusive new features on iOS. The companies will also provide tools and resources for millions of developers to build their own native with a new Salesforce mobile for iOS. And finally, we recently announced Apple Business Manager, a new way for IT teams to deploy Apple at scale. We ended the quarter with $237.1 billion in cash marketable. explained earlier this year, it is our plan to cash neutral position over time. We repurchased 92.5 million Apple shares for billion through open market transactions and we paid $3.5 billion in dividends and. For our year 2018, revenue grew over $36 billion to $265.6 billion, an record. Every geographic segment grew double digits with records in the Americas, Europe, Japan and rest of Asia-Pacific. also set new all-time records for net income, up 23% versus last year, and EPS up. And we returned a total of almost $90 billion to our investors during the year, including $14 billion dividends and equivalents and over $73 billion in repurchases. Before we discuss December outlook, I'd like to describe a of changes in as we enter new year. First, given increasing importance of our services business and in order to provide our financial results, we start reporting as well as cost of both total products total services beginning December quarter. Second, also beginning in this December we're adopting the FASB's new standard for revenue recognition. This will not result in any change our revenue, it will the way we the classification of revenue between products and services. After adopting the new standard, this revenue will now be reported services revenue. After we our 10-K, will post a schedule to our Investor Relations website showing the reclassification 2018 revenue from to services in adoption the standard. for clarity, this reclassification was contemplated in our previously stated of doubling our fiscal 2016 services revenue by 2020. That remains unchanged and excludes the revenue that is now shifting products to services over that timeframe. Third, starting with the December quarter, we will no longer be providing unit data for iPad and Mac. As we have stated many times, our is to make great products and services that and provide an unparalleled customer experience so our are highly satisfied, loyal engaged. As by our financial in recent years, the number of units sold in any 90-day period necessarily representative of the underlying of our business. a unit of sale is less relevant for today than was in past, given breadth portfolio and wider sales price dispersion within any. Fourth, starting the December quarter, we will renaming the other products category to wearables, home, and accessories to provide a more accurate of items are included this product category. move ahead the December quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, includes types forward-looking information that Nancy referred to the beginning of call. We have the strongest lineup ever as we enter the season and we revenue to be between $89 and billion, a all-time. we considered the effect on Q4 Q1 of the timing of our new this versus year. Third, we have an unprecedented number ramping, and while our ramps going fairly well, we have around balance. we'd ask that you limit yourself to questions. Tim, there has some deceleration in some of these emerging markets, by some concerns around some of rules administration contemplating partly driven things that are more specific China, like some of the regulations around gaming. can about how you see the trajectory there for the business and what you think of the initiatives some Netflix and Fortnite to bypass the Store subscriptions and I a follow-up. in us raising prices and those markets are not growing way we would like to see. think, at least the way that I see of emerging markets has a bit story, and don't sort that common between those for most part. other products category was also stronger, in fact, a bit stronger than the overall company. The App Store in China, we have seen a slowdown or a moratorium, accurate, on new game approvals. is regulatory setup in China, and there things are not moving the way they were. of larger developers, if step back and at the value proposition for from the App Store, there two key constituencies in that equation. If you start with the user, what the App people is the best safest place users to apps. And it is not perfect, we wind reviewing over 100,000 apps per week between new apps and updates for existing and then work developers quickly to the issues. And we also provide the a one-payment model purchasing apps and and et cetera, so that they are that they have to information across companies. do a amount of marketing for developers, including the new Editorial that we started in the past months, personal recommendations, search tools, and so on forth. And so itself is nearly as broad as the App Store itself is, and so that's value proposition. I could just ask you really quick on in healthcare, been growing significantly the early introduction in the Watch and then the kits including CareKit, cetera. And when you that with your very staunch advocacy for privacy, see Apple become a really large disintermediating in the friction in healthcare industry today in medical is and distributed. Is this the way that see future for Apple in healthcare?. And you see a means to also grow your services business through healthcare offerings that could your customers?. from our past several years that have an interest in the adding products and services, services, so far that. $4 billion range revenue that you're giving the quarter all the things that are the world right can you maybe give little about the variables you took into when you were coming up this?. At the level, we started the fact that we are very, about of and services we have into the season. And our guidance range, by the way, represents new all-time quarterly record. The first one fact that the launch timing the new this year is essentially in reverse versus year, that has an effect on will effect on Q1. So it's important keep that mind as you look at the revenue provided. And we look at the impact of foreign exchange our revenue December quarter, we're looking at 200 basis points translates, given the size our business, to almost $2 of headwind our revenue. The third point that I it's to keep in and Tim about this, we are launching, in the six weeks, we've of new products. then finally, that we've taken into account is what Tim's talked about in terms of some of uncertainty at the level in emerging markets where confidence is not as it 12 months ago. I understand you guidance because of 90 days is a short period time and it can fluctuate, but kind of do you think be to provide?. obviously have spent the last however many years going times Q. As said, right, our objective is to great products, provide the best experience, and get our customer engaged loyal to ecosystem. When look at our performance in recent years, take the last three years, for example, the during any quarter not been necessarily representative of the strength of business. I know you're aware, by the way, our top competitors in smartphones, in tablets, in do provide quarterly unit sales either. course understand that this is something of interest and when we believe that qualitative on unit sales offers investors, will do. Looking at one just for clarity is, Shannon, our intention to continue to give revenue guidance at company level and gross margin guidance in other that been providing so that our isn't changing. With staggered iPhone launch, were able to discern any impact on the and XS Max buyers potentially waiting for the XR, what if anything can we take away from guidance related to what you're early demand of XR?. Got it, you mentioned record levels for various components the business. As we if of services to maintain something close to the recent pace, the components of that you're particularly excited about could drive that be the drivers?. And maybe an offshoot to that, it seems like the news flow around reality has a little bit months. we said, during the quarter, we set new records for many, services categories, right, from Apple Music to services to the App Store to AppleCare and Pay really an exponential right now. we look at our services business, the that we a very and growing base. installed base of all our major categories is an all-time has been growing the last several quarters, so the opportunity us monetize our services continues to grow over time. Of we're also improving the of the services we provide and you look back the last years, we've new services to our portfolio. clearly, we want to continue to new services over time, so there of vectors that allow us to continue to the over time. stated that we double the size of the services from the that we 2016 by. number developers that either have done something, or even more case, that are working on things that I've seen are growing. There's a of interest out there and the number of categories that I'm seeing from to I was in China ago and saw in art sense, in an art. We content from Japan to Korea to many countries, and we have great content from as well, and so there are many hands in the. And so, think that that basic model where look around world and find the in different areas, don't expect model to go out style, to speak. Memory on sequential basis about 30 basis points favorable going into the December quarter. And obviously, going to benefiting from the leverage, which typical of our seasonality the December quarter. And of course, this point in the we have structures because, as I said, we've so new products in the last six. the puts and leverage and commodity side and FX and the new products other side. Thank you very much, a question for Tim and for Luca, and I'll ask them at the same time, so you second. But operationally, Tim, I think is at a disadvantage relative to others in India, giving where items are produced versus shipped versus taxed as to own stores. India to potentially be a big area, as I think you got about only 1% share, but it sounded things may be softer there?. And then for Luca, there will probably be a lot about not giving iPhone unit data. really great discussions with Indian government, and I expect that at point, they agree to allow to bring our stores the country. And this will the first time going provide gross margin for our services business, which we important metric our investors to follow. on why we do not believe that providing unit relevant our company this point, I can you that it is our objective to unit sales for product category that have. I a unit of sale is less relevant today than. But the end of day, make our a standpoint to try and optimize revenue and gross margin that we think is the that in best interest our investors. installed base is growing at double digit, and that's a more significant metric for us from point of view and the loyalty, et cetera. this is a little like if you go to market and you your up to cashier and says, or he says how have in there?.