 Welcome to the Apple Incorporated Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Conference Call. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I’d like turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. first today is Apple's Tim Cook, and he'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross expenses, income and expense, taxes, allocation business outlook. For more information, refer to the risk discussed in Apple's most filed periodic reports 10-Q and the 8-K filed with the SEC along with the associated press release. afternoon, and thanks to all of you us, especially those you in our new AirPods Pro which are available beginning. This was Apple's highest revenue in a September and I want to you through of highlights we get detail the conclusion of a remarkable fiscal 2019 for Apple. We achieved revenue of $64 billion in the quarter at the of expectations, even in of a foreign exchange drag of almost $1. Geographically, we set new Q4 records in the Americas and rest of and saw improvement in our revenue trends in China. have only begun to get their hands the strongly popular and unmatched iPhone 11 and iPhone 11 Pro year-over-year continue to improve, more on that in a moment. our September quarter was up. reached a new all-time high for services with growth accelerating to. We well over 50% revenue growth from Wearables, and I am say that we records for Wearables in each and every market we. This 9% decline last year a significant over the 15% decline saw across the first three quarters. The significant upswing in in the part of the quarter is in the overwhelmingly positive customer feedback in-store response we've seen for this new generation devices, not mention wave of the photos you've from a smartphone. iPhone 11 features the Apple-designed A13 Bionic the fastest most powerful chip ever in a smartphone plus an all dual camera system longer all battery all wrapped new colors. For Services, revenue was $12.5 billion, that's 18% over last year it the previous record set in the quarter by than $1 billion. saw double-digit services revenue and all-time records all five of our geographic segments, and it wasn't a narrow success. We established new all-time highs multiple services categories including the App Store, Music, cloud services and our App Store search ad. are well on our way to our goal of our fiscal year Services revenue during. revenue and transactions more than doubled year-over-year with over 3 transactions in the September quarter exceeding PayPal's number of transactions and growing four times as fast. We that Apple Pay offers the possible mobile payment experience and the most secure solution the. Users can apply for Apple Card through the wallet on iPhone in minutes and start using it right in stores, in apps and on websites. And I am very pleased announce later this year, we are adding another great Card. Customers will be able to purchase new and pay for it over over 24 months with zero interest. And they will continue to all the benefits Apple Card, including 3% back on the total cost of iPhone with absolutely fees and the ability to simply manage their payments in the Apple Wallet app iPhone. think these features appeal broadly to all iPhone customers, believe this been most successful launch of a credit card in. Last month, we launched Apple Arcade, our subscription service offering an new way for the whole to enjoy games or offline. get to a curated selection of games from many of the most innovative developers in the world 100 titles playable across iPhone, iPod Mac and Apple TV all the time. Customer to date been overwhelmingly positive, and we're very excited for the future of the service. We're also to be working with Oprah Winfrey to bring Oprah's Book Club to Apple Books connecting a of readers worldwide to important stories today's most thought-provoking authors. And we're pleased that customers who have purchased qualifying Apple devices starting September 10 can opt into 12 free of Apple TV+. Turning to Wearables, we had amazing results, thanks to phenomenal popularity of Apple and Beats. said at outset, we set Q4 revenue records for Wearables in every single that we track around world. New location help users better navigate their day while international emergency calling allows them to call services directly from Apple Watch in 150 countries even without an iPhone nearby. And combined with the of watchOS 6, users are empowered to take charge their health and fitness with new features like Cycle Tracking, Activity Trends. The app now available in 32 markets India has a widely celebrated of commitment to your giving users the ability document of their heart and critical to their doctors. the devices customers every day and security and privacy, we hope to democratize medical research bring everyone to the table the next big possible. In September, we introduced the iPad bringing more screen and support for the full-sized Smart Keyboard to our popular, affordable iPad. For first time, we also released iPadOS built on the same foundation as iOS but with powerful apps designed for iPads large multi-touch letting users multitask with gestures and drag and file with fingertip. We had tough comparison to last year's fourth quarter we updated both models of MacBook Pro, but for 2019 we generated the highest annual revenue ever from our. Earlier month, we released macOS Catalina with all new entertainment apps, the innovative sidecar feature that iPad to expand the workspace and new tools that enable users to control their Mac with their. also brings the Apple Arcade experience to the Mac and have already seen some amazing third-party developers bring iPad apps to Mac App with Mac Catalyst including Post-it and more. back lens from a quarter, we are incredibly proud of over the course of a where crossed $100 billion in the United States for first time. We introduce new services from Apple to Apple TV+ generated over $46 billion total services revenue, setting new yearly services records in all five of our geographic segments driving our Services business to the size of a Fortune 70. Wearables showed explosive and generated more annual revenue than two-thirds of the companies in the Fortune. to thank customers, our developers, business partners and our employees for making fiscal 2019 a success, and look to great year in 2020. details our September quarter results, I'll the call over to Luca. Revenue the was $64 billion, up 2% from a year ago to new September quarter record as we predicted foreign exchange negatively impacted our billion, and in constant our was 3%. Products revenue was $51.5 billion, down from last year, mainly due to iPhone, but largely offset by very strong performance from and iPad. Services grew 18% to billion, up over $1.9 billion year-over-year and almost $1.1 billion sequentially to a new all-time record with growth around the world across our portfolio. On a geographic basis, we set fourth quarter revenue records in our Americas rest of Asia-Pacific. We also continuous improvement in Greater China where year-over-year comparisons became more favorable of fiscal 2019 a 27% in the first to a 2% decline in the fourth. At a country level, we established new Q4 records in many major and emerging markets including the U.S., Canada, Germany, France, Korea, Singapore, Brazil, Thailand, Malaysia and. Company gross margin was 38%, up 40 basis points sequentially, driven by from higher revenue. Products gross margin was 31.6%, up 120 basis points sequentially due to and favorable mix. Services gross was 64.1% even with the June quarter. iPhone revenue was $33.4 billion a year-over-year of 9%. This was meaningful improvement to 12% decline in the 16% decline in first half of the. And saw great response to the launch 11 max at the end of quarter. Our active base of iPhone continues to grow to a new all-time high in each of our geographic segments. Among business buyers who plan to purchase in the December quarter 83% to purchase. Turning to we had a very strong quarter with all-time record performance growth accelerating the June. five geographic segments set new all-time Services revenue records and all grew double-digits. We also established new all-time for the App Store, Apple Care, Music, Cloud Services, Payment and our App Store search ad. In total, services for 20% of our revenue and 33% of our gross margin mix. Customer engagement our ecosystem continues to grow and the number of both transacting and paid accounts on our content stores reached a new high growth in paid in our geographic segments. now have 450 million subscriptions across the on our compared to million just a year and we are well on our to our of surpassing the 500 million. Absolute revenue grew strong digits, thanks to robust customer demand for both in-app purchases and subscriptions. There are now more than 35,000 subscription apps on our with the accounting for less than of services revenue. Among our all-time services it the best quarter ever AppleCare. And to better meet our needs, we announced a new iPhone repair program making it easier independent providers across U.S. to tap into same resources as our Apple Service Provider network and offering customers additional for the common out-of-warranty iPhone. The new program complements our continued investment in growing global network of over 5,000 Apple Authorized Service Providers lead industry for customer satisfaction and millions of people with in and out-of-warranty for all Apple products. Revenue was $7 billion, down 5% from last year due to a different mix of given the of our MacBook Air line-up and a difficult comparison to last year's launch of MacBook models. Despite the tough compare, we generated an all-time revenue for Mac the US and in India and fourth revenue record Japan. More than half of the customers purchasing Macs during the quarter new to Mac, and active base of Macs again a new all-time high. had great results for iPad with revenue of $4.7 billion, up 17% from a year. In total, over half of the customers purchasing iPads during September quarter were new iPad, and iPad active installed base reached a new all-time high. The most recent surveys from 451 Research measured a 95% customer satisfaction rating for iPad from and 97% businesses. Wearables, Home and Accessories established a new quarter record with revenue of up 54% with accelerating from the third quarter across all five geographic. The performance was driven by tremendous growth across Apple Watch, AirPods, BIS and accessories. Tim mentioned, set Q4 records for our Wearables in every single market track around the world. Our retail and online stores produced fantastic results, generating record September quarter revenue in all five geographic segments, and strong double-digit growth across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and. also continue great results from trade-in program with more than five times iPhone trade-in volume we had a year. This iconic store is opened seven a week, 24 hours a day, and an even better environment customers to experience our latest products, meet our geniuses, created daily at Apple sessions. We are seeing strong demand products in the market, with growth significantly ahead of our overall, and have great momentum transforming major. 80 the 100 largest retailers in the world are Apple to modernize their and experiences across all functions. Retailers are using iPhone, iPad and Mac to optimize their back of house operations, modernize of sale, and deliver differentiated customer and experiences. We’re having been government agencies the use technologies to improve effectiveness and efficiency of the they deliver critical services to the. For example, the U.S. Census Bureau is making fundamental changes to the design and implementation of next year's a goal of producing quality results, while costs by leveraging the user experience and of iOS. We ended the quarter with almost $260 billion in cash marketable. a result, net cash was $98 billion at the of the and we on our to reaching a cash neutral position over. We returned over $21 billion to shareholders during the September quarter, including almost $18 billion through open market repurchases of 86 million shares and $3.5 billion in and. move ahead the December quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, includes type forward-looking information that Nancy referred to the beginning of call. Paxton, our Head of Investor Relations for the last 23 years has decided to at the end of after a wonderful year career at Apple earnings calls. Nancy has been the face of Apple with analysts and investors over a period of growth and success. the business at hand the 93rd time, and the call to questions. iPhone revenue trajectory did improve, but it's still declined 9%. We are very thrilled with what we're seeing in early on iPhone 11 and iPhone 11 Pro and Pro. I don't want to make a long-range here. And Luca on margins guidance is with but there a lot going under the covers; tariffs could expand in there impact from bundle; you have some currency in commodity price. So can you just talk the and takes that land you the December quarter margin guidance?. the other side, foreign exchange for us to biggest headwind that we've got right is going to be 70 basis points on a basis. Also keep mind that during holiday season, a higher mix of products revenue we have in other quarters, and that dilutive to company to the company margin. on one we've got better commodity pricing, the environment better than it was a year foreign exchange is a impact of 120 on a year-over-year basis. category has strong, and it's hard to believe now essentially the same size as Mac. But related to Apple's initiatives healthcare, you think health-related features a primary driver Wearables growth and conversely a rising installed base of Wearables that to the ongoing innovation within Apple health?. And think the new feature of Always-On Series 5 is a game changer for users. And in terms of other health-related things we have going, we will be to build out our records connection into the app, really democratizes the health, and they can easily go from doctor doctor. got going I had mentioned there will be more of those through time, and obviously got things we're not going to talk yet that working on. But as I've before, my view is there will be day in future that we greatest will be to people's health. Yes, a gift our users, and from a business point of view, we'd like to -- really proud of content. price for those people that are buying a device in period of time that the price is very aggressive well. one, Tim, if you think Services less than $2 billion away from the targets had laid a few years back. I am wondering if you think about the growth you've had over the last several years, average, I how much of do you was driven by the installed growing monetization of the base. I think, we opportunities, Amit, in both the growth the installed base Luca mentioned in his comments, we continue to grow across category, highs in last quarter we hit highs in all of 20. installed base is clearly a piece of getting the trade-in program and secondary market moving helpful in as well. if you look at the number of services that have been added over the years, significant and love them. And obviously - finally in getting more people that are enjoying for free to - let to pay for some of the services. And if I was just kind of go back to the variables especially as I think about Apple Watch is there central way what's the attach today to iOS devices AirPod update. think about 900 million plus iPhone what kind of penetration do you have at Wearables and how maybe as you go. The -- what we're seeing in terms of adds on the I Luca have this in is three-quarters of the Apple Watch buyers are new to Apple Watch. I anticipate that will carry to this quarter too and we are really proud to add another for people wanting noise-cancelling with the AirPod Pro to today. we had a very good September, and lead of that is and so feel really good about how we've gotten there. macro basis, I the trade is less and that clearly looks right now the comments we've reading in the. I would also say, it's not all about iPhone in China, the services area grew double. And then, I'm curious, you can talk a bit about think about operating expense growth. Our investments during the last few years have been in because obviously we to continue to innovate, improve the experience differentiate our. Obviously, if you at what launched in the last few and few we launched a lot of new and now we launching a lot new services. your guidance, the midpoint of your guidance revenues on a sequential it's up 36.5%. Historically, fiscal Q4 Q1 was up 50% more, and even last year given that iPhone is a slower growing product, you guided for to be up 45% sequentially. given enthusiasm about the iPhone 11 launch the new products the services, I the question is, why your guidance not stronger Q1 on top line?. The guidance that we providing if look at at the midpoint implies acceleration of from performance that seen during the of fiscal 2019. We feel very good as said about iPhone, the the new cycle has started, we expect improvement in our growth on. One thing to keep mind as at this guidance is that we also contemplated the comparison to launch of iPad Pro, year ago as the new Air that launched during the December quarter. for categories, you to keep in mind that our timing is different on year-over-year basis. And then if I could follow-up, just on the bundling Apple TV+, guess Tim, is really first time we've seen significant of services and hardware offering. And maybe while we're on either or Luca could give us second tutorial on how should think about the deferred revenue accounting?. we need to make assumptions around take rate of customers on the -- on Apple right. Obviously, those will possibly change over time we get more information on how the customers behave. haven't the service yet - we're going to serve - our customers. of hardware as a as a bundle, if you will, there are customers today essentially view hardware like that are on plans and so forth. first question is about pricing and the effect of some the lower price points iPhone 11 as to last. looked like margins and revenues on that, and also followed some price you made emerging markets last we've seen some improvement in China well. So if you talk tells us about pricing strategy in general and perhaps that you're willing little more flexible approach to drive some if going to have positive effect?. Yes, think that the price moves made have been smart and and do show a level but the most important far the product. got the best line-up we've ever had the customer response the product and the product for them is incredible. And so think it's product and then prices sort of falls out of and we did to more aggressive. early going, I think it the right call. a follow-on, perhaps could talk about the potential for some of the tariffs that are upcoming what you have view of what potential that could have going and how Apple looking to. general, view is very positive in terms of how going, and that positive view is in guidance as well. just wanted to start with one of the new Apple Arcade, and if you have any in terms of what you're seeing for engagement retention of customers beyond the initial period your partnerships with. The feedback to has really been incredible and we're very for the future of the service. as mentioned before, 3 out of customers buying Apple Watch currently or last quarter I should say were buying an Apple Watch for the first time. And there is still a very, very large new to Apple Watch in this regard. think the upgrade market will at larger over but don't have a current view as to -- how and so. On the AirPods anxious to the customers for the new AirPods Pro. But I would that one particularly in the early be that AirPods today and have have a for the times they need cancellation.