 Welcome to the Apple Incorporated First Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Conference Call. first today is Apple's Tim Cook, and he'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross expenses, income and expenses, taxes, allocation business outlook. For more information, refer to the risk discussed in Apple's most filed periodic reports 10-Q and the 8-K filed with the SEC along with the associated press release. We're thrilled to report Apple's biggest quarter ever, which all-time records in both revenue and. We generated revenue $91.8 billion, which is above the high-end our guidance with accelerating for the third consecutive. Geographically, we set all-time records in the Americas, Europe and rest of Asia Specific saw Greater China return growth. Our record performance was fueled by iPhone where December quarter revenue was up 8% year-over-year and by our fifth consecutive quarter of growth outside of iPhone new all-time record for services and another quarter for. Our active installed base of devices now surpassed 1.5 billion, up over 100 million in the last 12 alone, reaching a all-time high for each our main product categories and geographic. Not only is our and growing base a testament to satisfaction, engagement and loyalty of customers, but it's also our growth across the in services. On iPhone, revenue in the December quarter was $56 billion, that’s up 8% a year ago, thanks to exceptional demand for iPhone 11, 11 Pro iPhone 11 Pro Max. In fact, iPhone 11 our top-selling model every during the December and the three new models three most popular iPhones. We had double-digit growth in many developed markets, including the U.S., the UK, France and Singapore, and also grew double digits in emerging markets by performances in Brazil, Mainland China, India, Thailand, and. These new models by far best iPhones we've ever shipped with advance technologies and unprecedented leap in battery life to get through day and best-in-class camera experience. revenue reached $12.7 billion, an all-time record, growing 17% over last year. Once again, we saw double-digit growth in all five of our established new all-time records from categories including cloud services, music, payment services and our App Store search ad business, as well as a December quarter record for the App and AppleCare. historic year for our services business, and like to touch on. the App Store, 2020 started off strong with customers spending a new single day $386 million on New Year's Day alone, a 20% increase over year. continue to focus on telling stories that matter, like Little America, which recently widespread critical acclaim much more great content still to. Apple News now draws over 100 million monthly active users in the U.S., UK, Australia and Canada, and a curated and personalized experience using intelligence recommend stories. Apple continues to add new titles, offering seamless access to the world’s top publications across all of their devices. For Apple Pay, revenue and transactions more than year-over-year with the run rate exceeding 15 billion transactions a year. And in spring of 2020, iPhone and Apple Watch customers will be to trains and buses in even more cities including Shenzhen. We are thrilled with the growth at Apple. And last month, customers began using Apple Card monthly installments at Apple retail and online to purchase new iPhones and pay for over 24 months. We had another incredible quarter, setting record in virtually every market we around the and this product category is now size of a 150. Demand for AirPods continues be phenomenal, for our recently AirPods Pro, our new to the AirPods family that features active noise cancellation. Apple had a great start fiscal 2020, setting an all-time revenue record the quarter. It continues to have a profound impact on our customers’ lives and continues to reach over 75% of customers purchasing Apple the quarter were to Apple Watch. Both AirPods and Apple Watch were must have holiday gifts, helping unprecedented results for the category, even as we face supply constraints for Apple Watch Series 3 and. Mac and iPad generated $7.2 billion and $6 billion in respectively, and the high of customer and loyalty for both products drove the active base of both and iPad to new records in all geographic. And we’ve already a strong response the Pro community from developers, photographers and music producers to filmmakers and scientists who rely the Mac to create their best. This quarter, we opened a beautiful new store Kawasaki, Japan. Thanks in part to a doubling in iPhone trade-ins last year, our retail and stores set an all-time record and delivered strong iPhone. We see a very bright future for these efforts and to innovate to ensure that who visits Apple retail location has a great. November saw the launch of our new research the latest in our effort to the future of in the of every user. This quarter we also a $2.5 billion plan to help the housing availability and affording crisis of California. We feel a great responsibility to help the region have always called home stay vibrant and to ensure that a great place for live and family, including much serve the community, firefighters. We're two groups that are working to the we're working closely our Apple team the affected areas, and our are with all affected across the region. As close the books on a quarter, we already underway on some new exciting for future. Our business and financial performance in the December quarter were exceptional as set new all-time records for net income and earnings per. Revenue for the quarter was $91.8 billion, up $7.5 or 9% from a year ago, in spite of a $1 headwind foreign exchange. Geographically, we established all-time revenue records in many major developed emerging markets including, among the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Brazil, the UK, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Poland, Thailand, Malaysia Vietnam. was $79.1 billion, up 8% as iPhone to growth, and we had incredibly strong in Wearables where we set all-time records for both Apple and AirPods. Services grew 17% to a new all-time record, $12.7 billion with double-digit growth in every geographic segment and new our portfolio. Company gross margin was 38.4%, up 40 basis points sequentially, driven by leverage from higher revenue, despite of a negative from foreign exchange. Products gross margin was 34.2%, up 260 basis points sequentially, thanks to and favorable mix. Services gross margin was 64.4%, up 30 basis points sequentially, by favorable mix. A favorable one-time item impacted rate by 230 basis points. income was an all-time record of $22.2 billion, up $2.3 billion or last year. EPS was also an all-time record at up 19% and cash was a very strong year ago. iPhone revenue $56 billion 8% year-over-year, as we saw customer response to the launch of our newest iPhones. We set all-time revenue records in several countries, the U.S. the UK, France, Spain, Poland, Thailand, Malaysia and. Our active base of iPhones has reached an all-time high is growing in each of our geographic segments. Among business buyers planning to purchase smartphones the next quarter, 84% plan to purchase. We set an revenue record of $12.7 billion with double-digit growth in of our geographic. As Tim mentioned, we established new all-time records for Apple Music, cloud services, payment services our App Store search ad business and December quarter records for the Store and AppleCare. We are well on our way to our goal of our fiscal year services revenue during. We've actually reached that on a run-rate basis the of the December quarter. Customer engagement our ecosystem continues to grow and the number of both, transacting and paid accounts on our digital stores reached a new all-time with growing double digits all our geographic segments. And at point, we expect to hit goal of surpassing 500 million mark during the March quarter. the tremendous momentum experiencing across our services offerings, we're increasing our target for paid and aim to reach million before the end of 2020. App Store revenue grew double digits, thanks to robust customer demand for both in-app purchases and subscriptions. business grew across multiple categories and increased almost 40% year-over-year. Apple set an all-time revenue record, offering a catalog of over 60 million to our customers. iCloud generated an all-time revenue record, growing very-strong double digits offering our customers a safe, secure and seamless experience all their devices. a December quarter record for thanks to strong agreement attach rates expanded distribution, of our partners have come appreciate the strength of the AppleCare brand and our ability to deliver the very-best service and support in. Both products had difficult year-over-year comparison due to the of MacBook Air here, Mac mini iPad Pro during the quarter a year ago and the channels. the tough on demand basis, our performance for both and iPad was even to year. Importantly, half of the customers purchasing Macs and around the world during the quarter, new to that product. And the active installed base of both Mac and iPad reached a new high. The most recent surveys from 451 Research a 93% customer satisfaction rating iPad from consumers 92% from businesses, and among consumers and businesses were planning to purchase tablets March plan to iPads. Wearables, home and accessories established a new all-time record with revenue of $10 billion, up year-over-year with very double-digit performance all geographic segments and growth across Wearables, accessories and. We all-time records for Wearables in virtually every market we track, even as we experience some shortages to very strong demand for both Apple Watch and AirPods during the. We also to see strong demand for our in the enterprise as our solutions enable businesses to do their best. 100% of Fortune companies in the healthcare sector use Apple technology in areas as patient experience, clinical communications and nursing workflows, also seeing smaller companies in this sector innovation with our. This helps clinicians have more complete and timely information whether a patient needs intervention, which can impact both, outcomes and costs. example Butterfly Network, a medical imaging company, which handheld ultrasound device that connects iPhone or iPad to enable clinicians to take an ultrasound at a cost that dramatically lower than other solutions in. We ended the quarter with $207 billion in cash marketable. a result, net cash was $99 billion at the of quarter and maintained our of reaching a cash neutral position over. We returned $25 billion to shareholders during the December. We also repurchased 40 million Apple shares $10 billion, through open market transactions, and we paid $3.5 billion in dividends and. As we done for the several years, we would our plans for next phase our capital program when we results for the quarter. we move into the March quarter, like to review our which the of forward-looking information that Tejas referred at the beginning the call. The wider than usual revenue range comprehends related to the recently unfolding public health situation in China. first one for me on fairly to see, it’s already a billion for you guys. you look at the Apple, the Wearables a category within Wearables, and revenue, Wearables 44%. Both Apple Watch and AirPods did very in terms of collecting new customers. Apple Watch particular, 75% of the customers are new to the Apple Watch. it’s still very much a selling to customers at this point. quarter guide I implies gross margin of flat to actually 10, 15 basis point. It's rare for you guys to actually margins up March I think because you have fairly high sales deleverage happening. So, what are the offsets that's enabling what looks like a better seasonal guide for gross margins?. wanted to know internally, how you're getting success, it truly on critical acclaim, is of consumers that service, contribution and service revenue, et cetera, et. then, second question is I think you indicated last month we offering consumers the to use Apple to iPhone on installment basis. retail stores did fantastic on iPhone, very strong double-digit growth in iPhone from a year-over-year point of view. In terms of China, results from last then I will get into coronavirus in a second. For the results from last quarter, we had growth for iPhone in China. We also had double-digit growth in in Mainland China and we had extremely strong double-digit on. so, there were a number of different factors in terms of responding to. are tracking quite a large percentage of new customers on products like Mac. of the customers a Mac in China are and nearly two-thirds of the customers iPad are new. are also very closely with our team and our in the affected areas, and we limited travel business critical situations as of last. As Luca mentioned, we have a than usual revenue range for the second to the greater uncertainty. supply sources that are outside the Wuhan the impact is less clear at. factories after Chinese New has been moved from the end of this month February 10th, depending the supplier location, and we've account for delayed start up through our larger range of outcomes Luca mentioned. With respect to customer demand and sales, we've currently closed one of our retail and number of partners have also closed their store. Luca, maybe if you could touch on from a gross margin perspective, commodity environment and availability. As I said earlier around the margin guidance for the quarter, we seeing a benign environment. As always, and as you know, we look the way these prices move and times we feel appropriate we certain commodities in advance. Luca, can you address the modest in services growth this quarter, versus in September?. the December quarter, we look it our fiscal ‘19 growth which was. So, we very good the results for the quarter. As Tim I mentioned during our prepared remarks, it very broad-based growth because we double digits services across the five geographies. We all-time records for many, many categories, music, cloud, search ads, payment services, December records for the App Store and the. first, we set a to double our fiscal ‘16 during 2020. And when look at on a rate basis, we’ve already achieved that goal of December quarter. And given we are at 480 at end of December, expect to pass the March quarter. So, now, we setting a new target for ourselves paid subscriptions. feel that the services business is growing well. And so, these services not have a impact in December results, we expect over time they start the growth the business. Tim, as a follow-up, at some point the future, Apple will launch a 5G. So, we seeing some signs of new spectrum being deployed deployments and even additional 4G capacity, and it’s already having a impact for handset upgrades capacity?. I think that had great partners, not only in the U.S. but around the world that are really helpful this. And the comment that you made about capacity the with AirPods Pro and Apple Watch 3, what we think the timeline of when constraints be alleviated?. Tim, Apple has a very valuable installed base of users. Can you see a future where Apple can become larger in the market, build TV+, given you could the unique position ability to drive targeted ads to users without privacy?. think for TV+ we feel strongly that what customer wants is an add-free product, that's not aversion to ads, it’s we believe a customer. can you just clarify if the services revenue this quarter had any of deferrals TV+ at all?. how can you us the impact of the amortization of the content costs with TV+ we think the couple of years?. When you about what goes into the Apple TV+ at this point, there are components. There is subscribers, these are customers that for the service and recognize revenue over the subscription period. These are the customers that buy an hardware device and redeem the offer for three-year TV+ services. We deferred revenue for based items, the one is of the that is being provided, the year of Apple. And third one is our estimate of the number of that will redeem offer. So, these inputs provide us with the amount of that we deferred for each device sale that then gets over the one-year period the plus service has provided. So, when you the of paid subscribers and bundled subscribers, you the TV+ revenue. Of because we’ve launched the service very recently, amount of revenue that recognized during the was immaterial to our results. There is a general view that when 5G phones come out be more expensive to higher costs, but the same time, it looks like you guys have that is market for low cost to phones like. OpEx as percentage of sales for March looks like e about 15% higher than in your quarters. I think felt good about our OpEx results, they were at low end of guidance range. And in of the new services, not only TV+ but all the services that launched during this where we’re making investments in and marketing, and that level of investment is in our results. And also, as you correctly stated, we the acquisition the baseband business in December quarter. And we had we reflected run rate of expenses related to business, partially during quarter, the completion the transaction. There is a third of expenses that affected the quarter, and it’s a our was very strong, and we have certain. So, slightly take on an question on and that is, what impact you think Wearables is into the Apple ecosystem?. I'm sure a lot of existing iPhone, iPads or users are going to but do you think Wearables into the ecosystem to buy other devices a. With each product that a buys, think, they get tighter into ecosystem because they -- that's reason that they're into is they like experience, the customer experience. think, in case it’s more likely that the iPhone comes but there's no doubt in my mind that some people that came into for the. And I'm wondering you could share how you think starts to our lives most significantly. is the excited about it is, you rarely have a new where are both see it as to them. you can see -- you go on to thousands of apps are AR enabled this and even more coming. But, if you could talk about what's happening the mix within is that improving as well and helping margins?. And I think the helped us both in Q1 and helping us with the guidance Q2. The for iPhone 11, 11 Pro and 11 Pro Max is being exceptional. The other that I would like to point out is as we move from Q1 of revenue coming from services the holiday quarter. that fact that services are accretive to gross for Company, we end up getting a better mix from as well. has been growing a faster rate revenue for I guess largely over the last three years so. Is there a point in time where level and you get some on that or is it just the of a faster revenue growth future?. our OpEx grows than our revenue but also had in the recent past the opposite has happened. look this past year, we launched many new initiatives, for on the services want to with the appropriate level of and only marketing advertising also in R&D. As mentioned we closed the acquisition of Intel baseband we think it’s a important strategic technology the Company forward. Our net for example was 11% during the December. I just wanted to kind of ask on the iPhone growth, definitely good see return. Based on the velocity and momentum you’re seeing for exiting the quarter, comfortable are feeling about sustaining growth in iPhone year?. so, we’ve given you the that we expect for the current and really don't a range beyond that. At the same time, would say, within a more difficult macro environment, did incredibly well the quarter, six of the top seven selling smart models in Japan December quarter iPhones. The customers very very and we have very strong there, we feel we have very good momentum.