I'll be the call to Dave Fildes. Dave Fildes -- Director of Investor RelationsHello, welcome to Q2 2018 financial results conference call.  we encourage you to have press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.  all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2017. Our comments and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 26, 2018, only and will include forward-looking statements.  Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is in today's press release and filings with the SEC, . Our guidance incorporates the order trends and what we believe to be assumptions. Our guidance assumes, that we don't conclude any additional business acquisitions, investments, restructurings, or legal settlements.  It's not possible to accurately predict the demand for our goods and services and, actual results could differ from our guidance.  was it better than expectations for quarter? And reasons for the ad business to accelerate Thank you.  What I attribute is continued strength in most profitable areas.  we saw better-than-expected efficiencies in operations, our infrastructure costs, and all of our fixed costs. in International we're continuing to invest in areas, front-load Prime benefits for the newer geographies, launch new countries -- launched Prime in Australia recently.  launched devices Echo and Alexa were launched in France, Echo Spot was launched in India and Japan in the last quarter.  it's a mix of operating efficiencies continuing to invest on fronts.  So we did very strong unit growth rate last year in Q2, with 27%, that. So bit of growth, in lower ASP items from last year.  So Amazon Music and Kindle Unlimited, they're successful do not count in this unit calculation. maybe obfuscate the numbers a bit but pleased with the retail growth.  it's driven the Prime program, increased selection, and particularly third-party selection. On operations, the last 18 months, different pace of increase in infrastructure costs and capital costs, and fixed cost heads.  growth areas fueled by headcount moving within the company.  We don't think that's long-term trend but created a lot of operating efficiencies,  we'll reset and evaluate where add people. first half of year a good test of where cost structure is, coming off investment that leads to holiday.  infrastructure and fixed headcount made but this year it's more apparent.  3Q is fulfillment center build-out period lower utilization but profit outlook is good.  how you're thinking about FC build out and square footage increases this year? excitement pharmacy opportunity with the acquisition of PillPack. some of the strategic rationale acquisition, and how helps efforts, and how integration going forward? Thanks.  we head into holiday but last two years, we've added square footage that's exceeded 30% growth, both in 2016 and 2017.  it's going lower this year efficiencies off what we've built last few years but I don't have number today. majority is being put in service in the back-end of the year, we'll clarify that next quarter.  close it in second half of the year, so I'll comments now but we're excited.  company has differentiated customer experience, great job getting to the size and scale today.  working together we can expand in future.  we're looking for well-run companies differentiated customer experience,  sense of obsession that matches ours.  PillPack has got all those traits, deal closing and working with them.  we're happy with the results  and the backlog and new contracts and new customers and expansion of existing customer business we see.  business has accelerated the last three quarters, great signs in areas. We've added 800 new services and features accelerated pace from last year, record year.  customers have migrated more than 80,000 databases using the AWS Database Migration Service.  new areas like machine learning, artificial intelligence, Internet of Things, serverless computing and database and analytics are big.  when look at it, why people come to us?  set functionality and pace of innovation demonstrated for multiple years. we have reliability of security and performance, longer than anyone else.  The operating margin fluctuate quarter to quarter, strong performance this quarter.  capital leases being flat over year, and the team's ability run the data centers higher efficiency.  question was how is Alexa impacting business, overall.  we're success with devices and customers are enjoying those. coming out of Prime Day, good success and happy customers enjoying devices there.  focus is  exciting roadmap of revises getting into customers' hands.  AWS point, customers  adding new customers sense customers spend focus.  areas customers move up with you and grow? flagged the flat capital lease growth basis. growth in capex and capital lease, grow those numbers or that infrastructure growth with the business.  it's demonstration very tight period added $4. 6 billion but the rate of growth over last year is flat.  not sure about the breakthrough element of it.  last year in the first half large investment area. capital expenditures but in the first two quarters, Q1 of last year, it was 82% growth Q2 was 67%.  longer-term, drive efficiency in AWS infrastructure capability and warehouse networks.  product detail, anything more for you. Amazon consumer side of business, infrastructure savings due to the conversion to AWS resources.  On revenue accounting, any of the accounting changes that any of the revenue lines had in the current quarter because of multiple accounting moving pieces? Thanks. Brian Olsavsky -- Chief Financial OfficerYeah, start with advertising.  Amazon vendors, sellers, authors as well as third-party advertisers reach Amazon customers.  using services to achieve their marketing goals, to drive new brand awareness, discovery or ultimately purchase decisions on our site. Pain points and improvements, priorities include improving tools for advertisers, smarter recommendations for customers.  work on automating the advertisers need to do, and invent new products for advertisers. measurement is important focused on measurement capabilities, understand outcomes they're driving on properties.  uniquely positioned show benefit of advertising.  adoption beginning in 2018, advertising services were classified as revenue rather than cost of sales.  growth rate for that line item would higher but for that change. Whole Foods store yellow stickers for 10% discounts sale items.  Prime members have adopted this benefit, fastest rates for a Prime benefit, and they've saved millions of dollars from seasonal favorites to, popular daily sales. expanded grocery delivery to 20 cities picking up steam.  Prime Day, unique deals customers at Whole Foods.  the ability benefit that Prime membership saves incremental dollars, because of it at Whole Foods. And the Prime Rewards Visa Card, 5% off purchases applied to Whole Foods' purchases as well. second wave, after the first wave about initial price drops, putting lockers  selling some of the Whole Foods' products on the Amazon site, and other things.  milestone this quarter to launch Prime benefits with Whole Foods, how that develops. in 50 cities worldwide, it's across 9 countries.  We have the delivery services, so AmazonFresh and Prime Now serve a certain need.  places like Europe and Japan, many efficiencies fixed headcount, operations costs, infrastructure costs, and marketing working efficient.  although it's smaller internationally impact of advertising is starting more internationally. growing in North America but continue to invest.  great innovation occur for Indian consumers and sellers, and additional expansion.  The Echo Spot in India and Japan, expand Echo and Alexa soon to Italy, Mexico and Spain.  frontload Prime benefits in the newer geographies. issues with operating margin but we think it's the right thing to do.  on Prime Day, expand list of countries that experience Prime Day; this year to Australia, Singapore, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg. period of investment and in different stages of growth in different countries.  on Music, tens of millions of paid customers are enjoying Amazon Music.  the Amazon Music Unlimited subscription, grow quickly.  offerings in more than 30 countries now and the catalog there's tens of millions of songs,  playlists, personalized stations, those kinds of things.  a good skill for folks enjoy rich and growing Amazon skill set.  Supreme Court decision, collecting state taxes in all 45 states applicable for a 1P.  Have any slowdown to growth in since collecting taxes? started last 12 months so.  45 states that have a state-imposed sales tax, first-party products own collection on that. So Washington State January 1, Pennsylvania April 1, and Oklahoma July 1.  expanding the reach of Alexa and the usefulness. developer network that's expanded and 13,000 smart home devices from 2,500 unique brands. expansion into the hotel space partnering with hotels experience Alexa while traveling.  expansion of Alexa to places where useful.  developing new machine learning tools to help developers build Alexa skills. monetization of Alexa but biggest thing make it useful and make devices can use skills.  we might do in the future but with Prime Channels, really pleased with the growth we're seeing.  good channels come online over the last few quarters,  some good traction there.  focusing on building better selection that customers able to add that content their Prime memberships.  A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website end of the quarter.  We appreciate interest in Amazon and look forward again next quarter. Duration: 32 minutesCall Participants:Dave Fildes -- Director of Investor RelationsJustin Post -- Bank of America Merrill Lynch -- AnalystBrian Olsavsky -- Chief Financial OfficerMark Mahaney -- RBC Capital Markets -- AnalystDouglas Anmuth -- J.  While we strive Best, there may be errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in this transcript.  Please see our Terms and Conditions Obligatory Capitalized Disclaimers of Liability. 10 stocks better than AmazonWhen investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner stock tip,  pay to listen.  After all, the newsletter run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has quadrupled the market. *David and Tom just revealed 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now.  and Amazon wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. 
For opening remarks, I will be turning the call Shelly Kay Pfeiffer. Shelly Kay Pfeiffer -- Director of Investor RelationsHello and welcome to Q1 2019 financial results conference call.  Joining us today is Brian Olsavsky, our CFO; and Dave Fildes, Director of Investor Relations.  we encourage press release in front includes financial results metrics and commentary on the quarter.  Please note,  comparisons in this call will be against our results for 2018. Our comments and responses reflect Management's views today April 25, 2019 only and include forward-looking statements.  factors impact our financial results is included  press release and filings with the SEC, including report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings. guidance incorporates the order trends to-date and believe today to be assumptions.  guidance assumes things that any additional business acquisitions, investments, restructurings or legal settlements.  It's not possible to accurately predict demand for goods and services and results could differ from our guidance.  question from Mark Mahaney from RBC Capital Markets. lowest unit growth but talk about that.  last ex-FX, last quarter talked about some challenges in the India market.  color around that growth rate, the sustainability of that? impacted by developments in India? Thanks lot.  last quarter, this measurement excludes fastest growing businesses, things like AWS, advertising, subscription services, which cannibalize the unit calculation, things like Kindle Unlimited and Amazon Music Unlimited.  India heading  uncertain period with the PN2 ruling.  some changes to our structure to stay in compliance with all regulations.  But for the full quarter, the impact was minimal and in compliance and happy with the business in India.  Brian, talk about the outperformance in operating income in 1Q? significant beat there.  cost of sales and fulfillment, provide some more color.  why margin be materially lower in Q2 as you're guiding? And then just second on the outlook for revenue in the second quarter on an FX-neutral basis, the higher end implies a nice acceleration.  Headcount growth was 48% in 2016, 38% if you exclude Whole Foods and Souq acquisitions in 2017.  financial leases for infrastructure, good proxy for capital investment and infrastructure, after growing 69% in 2017, grew 10%.  trailing 12-month metrics stayed the same or slightly declined in Q1.  We didn't put new fulfillment center capacity or infrastructure compared to Q1 of last year.  expect those growth rates to be higher for all of 2019.  will happen in the next three quarters and  built into the Q2 guidance. hit the high end of the revenue range, good from efficiency standpoint and the drop to the revenue. into Q2, why that's lower.  currently working on evolving our Prime free two-day shipping program to free one-day shipping program.  able because spent 20-plus years expanding our fulfillment and logistics network, but still big investment and a lot of work ahead of us.  For Q2 guidance, included approximately $800 million of incremental spend this investment.  to clarify  offering obviously faster than two-day shipping for Prime members for years.  continue to offer same-day and Prime Now selection on accelerated basis, all about the core free two-day offer morphing into one-day offer.  in the past month, expanded our one-day eligible selection and zip codes eligible for one-day shipping.  It wasn't showing up in Q1, it was minimal in Q2 results.  significant step to achieve and ensure good delivery experience as evolve the software. in Q2 as a reminder, Q2 is the time grant RSUs to employees and a step up in stock-based compensation expense in Q2.  although there's not explicit lift built in for the faster shipping, we have seen good order trends expect built the Q2 range around what we've seen.  had more people sign up for Prime in 2018 than year before.  happy with the -- not only the absolute membership levels of the Prime program, but also the engagement.  Prime benefits shipping, hours watched on video, hours listened to on music, trending in the right direction and continue more sticky.  won't share specific Prime statistics about churn, remain compelling program.  announcement made about morphing to a one-day free shipping offer the best deal in retail as we say.  The advertising business step down again in Q1 versus Q4.  Q4 was a fairly big step down the accounting benefit or the last quarter of the accounting benefit.   the operating margin, good advertising growth in North America and also internationally.  focused on driving relevancy and ensuring surface useful ads possible.  best experience for customers and also for advertisers.  focus adding more functionality, products and reporting for businesses and advertisers, understand the incremental customers on Amazon through advertising with Amazon.  tools and making better recommendations, easier to use Amazon demand side platform, operational improvements.  stores that easy to create, customize and great pickup on that from brands for they can show shoppers who they are and tell their story.  better engagement for the brand and customer, builds customer loyalty brand and Amazon.  new reporting, where looking to measure the new to the brand shoppers and what lift they're seeing.  more about efficiency and performance of the advertisements themselves.  revenue grew 36% and advertising, advertising higher than that. Stephen Ju in regards to the Prime users' awareness of the availability of stuff from Whole Foods.  order flow coming from a wide customers? Thanks.  it's widespread and more Prime members adopted the Whole Foods benefit than other benefit offered and saving as a result hundreds of millions of dollars.  delivery in 75 US metros through the Prime Now app and pickup in over 30 metros, through the Prime Now app.  So last quarter, growth in store sales including shopping and also online deliveries was closer to 6% in Q4 and similar in Q1.  happy with both the Prime adoption or recognition of Prime benefits at Whole Foods and purchases.  lowered prices for the third major round of price cuts since joined forces with Whole Foods in the summer of 2017.  slowdown again.  expanding availability and that $800 million is related to shipping costs.  understanding this investment rolled quickly and take effect quickly.  need to build out one-day capacity along with transportation partners, but moving quickly and good head start. certain tranche can dial quickly see that very quickly in Q2.  stay tuned because most of this capacity through the year in 2019.  wouldn't comment on acceleration or deceleration of growth.  early on in this venture, to lot of pickup by both vendors, sellers and also authors.   if we work on the inputs in business and continue grow traffic to site, will have a good outcome in the advertising space.  On the shareholder letter, third-party sellers are kicking our first-party butt and we read through that.  law of large numbers as time goes by? Amazon doing to sustain growth rate in the third-party marketplace business?  question is on media spend.  strategic changes in terms of library versus originals versus films or TV content? Thanks.  goal here allow customers have the broadest selection best available price and most convenient options on how they receive item.  If we're delivering three elements, we're indifferent whether it's sold by us or a third-party.  Any growth acceleration or deceleration much tied to total sales of the customer in any country.  the percentage of third-party units increased and steadily the last few years.  the sellers are as important  as anything for servicing the customers' need for price selection and convenience. on your question around media and video strategy and investing in.  popular critically acclaimed shows come out, things like Homecoming, Jack Ryan, more recently Hanna or Guava Island and some great titles.  the accounting side, we standard in January that amended how we cap produced original video content.  for Q1, the impact a decrease of about $130 million to cost of sales due to the capitalization change.  through 2019 expect impact to increase in the latter part of the second half of the year with our production schedule as it grows throughout the year.  available to US by the holidays or end of the year? about 100 million items available for two-day delivery, Prime delivery.  As one-day program starts, how many SKUs will be available? And would you expect the entire 100 million SKUs at some point? And on grocery.  appetite for further expansion outside of kind the enhancements you're doing with Whole Foods. the one-day free shipping versus the two-day free shipping, our goal the two-day ship into a one-day making strides on that.  capacity to add and the changes  to make to our supply chain to deliver that.   to take advantage of the fulfillment capacity and transportation capacity, with third-party partners we have.  what changes made to get more and more selection into one-day category. Dave Fildes -- Head of Investor RelationsAnd  on the grocery side of it.  the Whole Foods Market growth over 500 stores, 75 metros with delivery capability, so continuing to grow that out.  Amazon Fresh, Prime Now which offers grocery one of the components of the selection there for the two-hour or even one-hour delivery capabilities.  other initiatives food through Pantry, Go, number of initiatives there. continue to bring to customers on that space.  expect rely mostly on USPS, UPS or other shipping services going to build more of your Amazon owned and operated shipping?  $800 million for the quarter.  ramping into the back half of the year? Thanks.  $800 million today.  stand at the end of the quarter and insight our outlook is for future quarters at that time. question about AWS some information to you.  over $30 billion annualized run rate, 42% FX-neutral growth and $2 billion more of revenue this Q1 versus last Q1.  The operating margin expanded by 320 basis points as a result of good work on infrastructure and efficiencies that I talked earlier in the call.   against backdrop of large expansion of our tech and sales teams that support this business.  happy about the Volkswagen alliance joined up to power their Volkswagen Industrial Cloud.  integrate more than 30,000 facilities and 1,500 suppliers and partners in Volkswagen's global supply chain over time.  deals going with Ford on powering the cars of the future, Lyft, GoGo, good customer wins in the quarter.  continued momentum in enterprise migrations to AWS and people moving their workloads to AWS at a faster pace.  The growth impressive,  sequentially, the growth was somewhere 3%, 4% sequentially. pricing or any other factors that you could call out that may have contributed to that? another one-day shipping question here.  In terms of the $800 million, gets in terms of coverage of zip codes and SKUs? assume project that's in the US.   gets from a coverage standpoint? something expect near to medium-term priority in other developed markets, like the UK, Germany, et cetera? Thanks.  Most of the spend in Q2 is starting in North America, but this is a global improvement in speed tied to our Prime program.  can't give exact percentages of selection still working that.  turned the dial significantly in April the cost impact almost immediately in the quarter.how it goes this quarter, pace of selection addition and expansion of one-day probably at the end of the quarter.   expanding and increasing our speed on all of our orders frankly.  On AWS revenue, quarterly growth last year on an FX-neutral basis.  first half of the year, tougher comp, versus some strong growth in the first half of last year.  dependent on us, also on the companies adopting Amazon, AWS.  differences in sales cycles, adoption of the cloud, migration patterns make quarter-to-quarter movements lumpy, as said.  happy with the growth, 42% on an FX-neutral basis and again a $30 billion -- greater than $30 billion annualized run rate.  CapEx spending and investment in capital leases decelerate to the lowest rate in several years, even the lowest rate ever.   generally CapEx sort of tracks investing at the level of growth that you expect.  we're not expecting diminished returns in any of businesses or growth rates, nor  restraining the business or constraining the businesses with capital.  investments made in 2016 and 2017.  front-load a lot of the investment both in fulfillment centers and also infrastructure, more than kind of bleeding through excess capacity.  impressive gains and efficiencies in the warehouses and the data centers.  efficiency and every percentage utilization in our data centers is worth tens and more millions of dollars.  a big part of our model, it is not only investing, but also working on efficiencies, adding new products and features for customers.  as lower costs, pass to customers, through new rates or deals that we have.  will be increasing we move through the year and constant battle between, again, growth, geographic expansion in AWS and efficiencies to limit we actually need. better at adding capacity faster, less need to build it 6 to 12 months in advance, I would say.  launch Hong Kong region today want to point that out.  business in China really well continue strong growth there.  launching the Hong Kong region gets a footprint of 19 cities in China. as simple as price selection and convenience, mantra talk about quite often.   one-day increases the convenience and the available selection into the consideration set.  Although, many items available in one to two hours and also same-day, the vast majority of selection is available to you in two days.  been experimenting on a lot of different formats as you know, two-day, one-day, same-day, two-hour, stores, types of points of being there for the customer at different points in their consideration set.  going to be groundbreaking for Prime customers and excited to add this capability. have the capability because been at this for over 20 years and continue to invest in fulfillment capacity, logistics and fine-tune it.  on healthcare, term can touch any number of different parts of businesses.  how Amazon Business serves many other companies, including healthcare industry and providing great selection and fast delivery is part of the business program there.  continues to do well and focus of Amazon Business among other verticals there that they serve.  PillPack, probably around six months since acquisition closed and continuing to support them and learn certainly.  excited about the potential sure.  A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website, through the end of the quarter.  appreciate interest in Amazon and look forward again next quarter. Duration: 37 minutesCall participants:Shelly Kay Pfeiffer -- Director of Investor RelationsMark Mahaney -- RBC Capital Markets -- AnalystBrian T.  strive for our Best, there may be errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in this transcript.  Please see our Terms and Conditions for additional details, including Obligatory Capitalized Disclaimers of Liability. Prepared Remarks:OperatorGood day, and the Apple Incorporated Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call.  for opening remarks and introductions, over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations.  Speaking first, is Apple CEO, Tim Cook, and he'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. information during our discussion today consist of forward-looking statements, without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes, capital allocation, and future business outlook. For more information, refer the Risk Factors discussed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC with the Associated Press release.  assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, speak their respective dates.  Apple's great strengths is our culture of flexibility, adaptability and creativity.  This quarter featured announcements that speak power of our commitment to innovation and long-term thinking.  start with top-line highlights and then move into greater detail with you.  result positive outcome in light of ongoing headwinds from weaker foreign currencies relative to the US dollar.  In constant currency, revenue performance 200 basis points better than our results indicate. blockbuster quarter for iPad, revenue up 22% from a year ago; this is highest iPad growth rate in six years.  business is the size of a Fortune 200 company, an amazing statistic only been four years since delivered first Apple Watch. grew and developed markets and record March quarter results major markets, including United States, Canada, United Kingdom and Japan, experience revenue decline in emerging markets.  App Store results still reflecting slowdown in regulatory approval and gaming apps in China, but encouraged by increase in the pace of approvals.  Thanks robust ecosystem, talented developer community and growing population of tech savvy consumers value  best products and services. For iPhone, worldwide revenue down 17% from a year ago, declines were significantly smaller in final weeks of the March quarter.  Looking back at the past five months, November and December challenging, an encouraging trend.  headed with iPhone and goal pick up the pace.  active installed base of devices continues to grow each geographic segments and set a new record for all product categories.  growing installed base reflection of the satisfaction and loyalty of customers and driving our Services business to new heights.  best quarter App Store, Apple Music, cloud services and App Store search ad business and set new March quarter revenue records for AppleCare and Apple Pay.  Apple Pay transaction volume doubled to reach 10 billion transactions this year.  Apple Pay available in 30 markets and expect 40 markets by end of the year. transit systems are accepting Apple Pay and New York's MTA system begin the rollout early summer.  places like London, Tokyo and Shanghai contactless entry into transit systems spur broader Apple Pay adoption and believe more people using Apple Pay in the United States.  new high of over 390 million paid subscriptions end of March, increase of 30 million last quarter alone.  previewed array of new services, rooted in principles that are fundamentally Apple.  easy to use, feature unmatched attention to detail, premium on user privacy and security.  These features help to eliminate boundary between hardware, software and service creating a singularly exceptional experience for our users.great momentum of Apple News, number one news app in the United States and the United Kingdom, we launched Apple News+.  bring together over 30 popular magazines, leading newspapers and digital publishers into a beautiful, convenient and curated experience within the Apple News app.  Apple News+ builds commitment to supporting quality journalism from trusted sources, providing best magazine and news experience ever for mobile devices. vision to replace the wallet, announced Apple Card, built on principles like transparency, simplicity and privacy.  Apple Card is integrated wallet app and delivers experiences integrating our hardware, software and services in an elegant solution places customer at the center.  first card to encourage pay less interest, eliminate fees and daily cash on all purchases and customer interest has been terrific. previewed Apple Arcade, the world's first game subscription service for mobile, desktop and the living room.  mid-May, the all new Apple TV discover and watch shows, movies, sports news and more iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, smart TVs and streaming devices.  subscribe and watch channels like HBO, Showtime and Stars paying services they want, on demand available on and offline.   Apple TV+ new home most creative story tellers, featuring exclusive original shows, movies and documentaries.  launched iMac  increases in compute and graphics performance, update for consumers in Pros alive.  Mac business overall, processor constraints in the March quarter, leading to a 5% revenue decline compared to last year.  Mac revenue been up compared last year without those constraints and don't believe a significant impact on our Q3 results. iPad, happy to return to growth China, strong double-digit growth other geographic segments.  launched iPad Air ultra-thin design, Apple Pencil support and high-end performance powered by Apple's A12 Bionic chip. introduced iPad Mini, upgrade for iPad fans an ultra-portable design and like iPad Air it delivers the power of the A12 Bionic and support for Apple Pencil. introduced new AirPods, the second generation popular wireless headphones and demand been incredible.  new Apple design H1 chip,  AirPods deliver faster connect times, more talk time and the convenience of hands-free Hey Siri.  initiative, new trade-in and financing programs in the US, China, the UK, Spain, Italy and Australia.  all-time record response to trade-in programs and with four times the trade-in volume of our March quarter a year ago. each quarter, inspired by the impact our products are having on people's fitness and health.  This quarter, brought ECG app on Apple Watch Series 4 to Hong Kong and 19 European countries, including France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the UK.  really just beginning to help users actively manage their health and wellbeing.  example, last month, Stanford Medicine reported results of the Apple Heart Study, enrolled over 400,000 participants from 50 states in eight months. institutions now supporting health records on iPhone additions including Michigan Medicine and UT Health Austin.  In February, announced working with the US Department of Veterans Affairs to make health records on iPhone to veterans.  first record sharing platform of its kind available to the VA,  largest medical system in the US providing service to more than 9 million veterans across more than 1,200 facilities. Apple's innovation extends beyond lives of our customers to world around us.  marked Earth Day with announcements our efforts to leave world better than founded. 5 billion green bond proceeds across 40 environmental initiatives around the world to projects ranging from solar power generation to water conservation, to development of custom alloys for our products made from 100% recycled aluminum.  announced expansion of recycling programs including quadrupling the locations where US customers can send their iPhones to be disassembled by Daisy, recycling robot. 2 million devices per year, allowing recovered materials to be recycled into the manufacturing process.  partnered with a record number suppliers to follow lead and transition to 100% clean energy.  With the help of 44 suppliers, exceed goal of bringing 4 gigawatts of renewable energy into our supply chain by 2020 with over 1 additional gigawatt projected within that time frame.  last year alone, partners joined this effort generated enough clean energy to power over 600,000 homes in the United States.  proud of the progress making and hope actions will inspire other businesses to do to protect the world that we share. fortunate position of generating more cash to run our business and confidently in future.  announcing the latest update to our capital return program including an increase share repurchase authorization and quarterly dividend.  For more details March quarter results, I'll turn the call to Luca.  Revenue in the March quarter was $58 billion, high end of the guidance range provided 90 days ago, and down 5% from last year.  revenue decline 200 basis points of negative foreign exchange due to the strength of the US dollar.  Overall products revenue declined 9% primarily by iPhone, while Services revenue grew 16% to a new all-time record. set March quarter record for wearables, home and accessories, and recorded iPad growth rate in six years. 2%, down about 310 basis points sequentially due to the seasonal loss of leverage and headwinds from foreign exchange. 8%, up 100 basis points sequentially different mix and leverage from higher revenue.more color for various revenue categories; iPhone revenue was $31.  installed base of iPhone reached high at the end of March.  latest survey of US consumers from 451 Research indicates customer satisfaction of 99% for iPhone XR, XS and XS Max combined.  among business buyers plan to purchase smartphones in the June quarter, 81% plan to purchase iPhones.  generated double-digit revenue growth across the App Store, Apple Music, cloud services, AppleCare, Apple Pay and App Store search ad business.  new disclosures, Services accounted for 20% of our March quarter revenue and one-third of gross profit dollars.  transacting accounts on digital content stores reached high during the quarter number of paid accounts setting record and growing strong double digits over last year.  have over 390 million paid subscriptions across our Services portfolio, an increase of 120 million versus just 12 months ago.  All subscription categories growing strong double digits, mentioned a quarter ago, expect paid subscriptions to surpass 0.  App Store, subscription business diversified and is growing strongly around the world.  number of paid third-party subscriptions increased 40% compared to last year in each of our geographic segments. 8 billion decline driven primarily by processor constraints on certain popular models. generated double-digit Mac revenue growth in Japan and Korea, setting Mac revenue records in both markets.  On a global basis, half of the customers purchasing new to Mac.  iPad revenue grew with a return growth China and strong double-digit growth in all other segments.  best March quarter iPad in Japan and pleased by performance in Korea, Thailand and Mexico revenue doubled last year.  half of the customers purchasing iPads during March quarter new to iPad and active installed base also reached high.  iPad revenue growth fueled primarily great customer response to new iPad Pro.  recent surveys from 451 Research measured a 93% customer satisfaction rating for iPad overall.  Among customers who plan to purchase tablets, 77% of consumers and 75% of businesses plan to purchase iPads. 1 billion, primarily performance of wearables business, which grew close to 50%.  Apple Watch best-selling most loved smart watch in the world produces best results non-holiday quarter.  reaching new customers with three-quarters of purchases to never owned an Apple Watch before.  Interest in AirPods off the charts and working hard to incredible customer demand. retail and online stores, generated double-digit revenue growth from Apple Watch and iPad.  announced 50 new Today at Apple sessions in three new and expanded formats; Skills, Walks and Labs, free around world.  building on Apple's leading position in key functional areas to expand our reach and share within large accounts.  Across 450 airlines, iPad is preferred solutions for the pilots' electronic flight bag.  great progress expanding the Apple's footprint beyond the cockpit into the cabin.  half of the top 50 airlines have now implemented iOS to enhance the guest experience, enable a new use case with mobile point of sale.  traction with other mission critical airline functions in ground operations and flight maintenance.  example, largest airlines in the world tells adoption of iPad has kept maintenance delays in half.  Apple services their way on board including growing adoption of Apple Pay for food and beverage purchases and in-flight access to Apple Music. significant iOS traction with large enterprise platforms, face of complex backend systems to tens of millions of employees around the world.  The end user employee experience is vital to engagement and productivity and with increase in mobility experiences are best on native iOS applications.  great momentum through growing number of iOS SDKs being delivered by the world's largest enterprise platforms.  For instance, SAP's SDK for iOS gain strong traction with customers growing by 40% in the last six months.  And this past quarter, Salesforce released its SDK enabling developers to build native iOS applications directly Salesforce platform.  This extension ongoing collaboration with AT&T easy for more customers to choose Apple products for their needs in the enterprise and modernize their business.  AT&T enable business services for Apple products to companies with their IT strategy, including device management, security, productivity and collaboration.  $101 billion in term debt and $12 billion in commercial paper outstanding, net cash position of $113 billion.  strong position that allows to invest in all areas continuing to return value to our shareholders.  announced a commitment to contribute $350 billion to the US economy over the next five years, including the creation of 20,000 jobs.  announced a major expansion in Austin, Texas and in other cities across the country.  incorporating innovative ideas and top talent wherever they emerge.  initiatives, able to return over $27 billion to investors during the March quarter.  $12 billion accelerated share repurchase program in February, resulting delivery and retirement of 55. 7 million Apple shares for $12 billion through open market transactions and we paid $3.  maintain the cash to run business, maintain strategic flexibility and invest in future.  toward meeting the investment projections laid out early last year.  optimal capital structure, and plan to reach a net cash neutral position over time.  $14 billion in dividends and equivalents last four quarters alone, making us largest dividend payers in the world. June quarter, review our outlook, which includes the types of forward-looking information referred to at the beginning of the call.  June quarter last year, our Services revenue included $236 million one-time item in connection with the final resolution of various lawsuits. expect OI&E to be $250 million and expect tax rate to be about 16. reflecting the approved increase, Board of Directors declared the cash dividend of $0. 77 per share of common stock payable on May 16, 2019, to shareholders of record as of May 15, 2019.  what you're seeing in China? Clearly, things are improving sequentially.  last few weeks of the quarter stabilizing in emerging markets, I believe.   customers saying there and what are partners saying in China? have a follow-up.  in the iPhone space, better performance in the last weeks of the quarter compared to the full quarter or November and December, appears to be the trough.  some price adjustments essentially backing out the weaker currency effect and been some.  stimulus programs government has executed this happened in early April, VAT reduced from 16% to 13%.  trade-in and financing programs  implemented in our retail stores well received there, and happy with the results there.  improved trade dialog between the US and China, has affected consumer confidence in a positive way.  set of all of these things better than 90 days ago.  glad to put the litigation behind and around the world has been dismissed and it's settled.  multi-year supply agreement and  happy that we have a direct license arrangement with Qualcomm, important for both companies.  next question please?OperatorThe next question from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.  China responding the pricing actions market.  learn the best and fold that into our thinking and obviously do that with this as well.  How much of that incremental is going in to support the new services to launch later in the year?Luca Maestri -- Senior Vice President and Chief Financial OfficerYes.  Of course, supporting our products and services business, and the trajectory of our OpEx over the different quarters.  Clearly, add new services, need to make the necessary investments to support them.  In total, accretive to company gross margins; latest we running Services margins at over 60%.  next question please?OperatorThe next question from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. over the past five years, June quarter revenue typically declines about 15% from the March quarter.  At the product category level, expect that continue strong revenue growth from the non-iPhone categories, first half of our fiscal year.  expecting a relative improvement in our iPhone performance in Q3 versus the first half.  March was the strongest month of the quarter confidence to provide the guidance that you've seen.  geographically from results for the March quarter, China is the geo where found some challenges, the trajectory should improve over time.  This is one largely punt on  would probably guess.  lot of things on different technologies and select the right time that things come together and get those under products we can.  cost point of view, technologies have had cost pressure over the last years so.  number of things in the commodity markets going in other direction at the moment, like DRAM and NAND and it's difficult to project what happens next.  aggregate of all of that really matters from a price point of view.  A topic that's probably split on a response, but ask the question and decide how to divide it up.  In your opening remarks, mentioned about pricing adjustments made in some of the markets and then talked strength of the trade-in program also.  what type of lessons or elasticity about pricing and the trade-in programs of how it impacts revenues and COGS and margins and things? Thank you.  mentioned four things that I believe are responsible for the better performance in the Q2 relative to Q1, and final weeks of March being better than the Q2 average.  Those four are the price reductions, but three others and one of the others is the trade-in and financing programs that instituted in our retail stores.  Clearly,  learned here  not a surprise really is that, many people want to trade-in their current phone.  little different in each market in terms elasticity is, but can bet that learning quickly on all of those. The other two items that are not insignificant in China that is that the stimulus programs, are having an effect on the consumer.   most visibility and happened in early April was the VAT reduction from 16% to 13%.  aggressive move,  other stimulus programs likely have an effect at the consumer level.  And then finally, the improved trade dialog between the countries effects consumer confidence in a positive way. Tim Cook -- Chief Executive OfficerWe the product that's being traded over the place, to be honest.  It's 6, 6 Plus, 6S, 6S Plus, 7, 7 Plus and  8 and 8 Plus.  But there is some of each and get customers on the two-year cycle and customers and some on the one-year cycle and on the three- and four-year cycles.  In terms of the incentives, offering a trade-in value more than blue book of the device, lack of description.  we topped those provide extra benefit to user.  at the moment the geography doing the best in installments would be China.  unique offering there,  versus what you can get in the regular market and probably further helps there.  can bet that learning on finding the parts user likes the most. reached comprehensive agreement with Qualcomm.  agreed that we're not going to share the financial terms of the agreements, honor that.  gross margin guidance for the June quarter,  37% to 38% fully comprehends the outcome of the agreement with Qualcomm.  next question please?OperatorMike Olson from Piper Jaffray next question. 4 billion active devices announced services that leverage that installed base and obviously remarkable position with kind of this Trojan horse of devices out in so many households.  obviously always working on new things.  And focused on getting these four out there.  News+ in the market today, Apple Arcade and the Apple TV+ products in the market in the fall and Apple Card will go out in the summer time frame.  lots in front of us and  excited about getting these out there.  mentioned the App Store search ad business a couple of times in the prepared remarks.  expanding into new geographies still have more geographies out there can move the dial further.   definitely a business that is getting bigger.  the next question please?OperatorOur next question from Louis Miscioscia with Daiwa Capital Markets. going to wait till we get these things out.  taking sort of consumer interest on the Apple Card and significant level of interest and we're excited.  serves with a different kind of game,  great for developers and users.  The TV+ product plays in a market huge move from the cable bundle to over-the-top.  best to convince them that the Apple TV+ product should be one of them.  working very hard to get everyone to give Apple News+ a look because  it's a unique product.  working very hard but at the beginning of the ramp there. Tim Cook -- Chief Executive OfficerI think India is a very important market in the long-term.  started manufacturing there, important to serve the market in a reasonable way.  plan on going in there with sort of all of our might.  opened a developer, accelerator there, happy with some of the things coming out of there.  it's primarily an Android business at the moment because lot of opportunity there.  A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts, as a webcast on apple.  Members of the press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414 and financial analysts can contact Matt Blake or me with additional questions.  While we strive for our Best, there may be errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in this transcript.  Please see our Terms and Conditions for additional details, including our Obligatory Capitalized Disclaimers of Liability. 