For opening remarks, I'll be turning the call over to the director of investor relations, Dave Fildes. Dave Fildes -- Director of Investor RelationsHello, and welcome to our Q2 2018 financial results conference call.  As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.  Please note, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2017. Our comments and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 26, 2018, only and will include forward-looking statements.  Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings. Our guidance incorporates the order trends that we've seen to date and what we believe today to be appropriate assumptions. Our guidance also assumes, among other things, that we don't conclude any additional business acquisitions, investments, restructurings, or legal settlements.  It's not possible to accurately predict the demand for our goods and services and, therefore, our actual results could differ materially from our guidance.  Could you talk about [Audio gap] was it better than your expectations for the quarter? And then maybe reasons for the ad business to accelerate within the other line? Thank you.  What I attribute it to is continued strength in some of our most profitable areas.  Elsewhere we saw probably better-than-expected efficiencies in operations, our infrastructure costs, and generally all of our fixed costs. Even while in International we're continuing to invest in a lot of areas, we continue to front-load Prime benefits for the newer geographies, we continue to launch new countries -- we launched Prime in Australia recently.  We've launched devices in multiple countries: Echo and Alexa were launched in France, Echo Spot was launched in India and Japan in the last quarter.  So it's a mix of operating efficiencies as we grow, and then also continuing to invest on a lot of fronts.  So I will note, we did a very strong unit growth rate last year in Q2, with 27%, so we're comping against that. So there was a bit of growth, particularly in lower ASP items from that that we saw last year.  So Amazon Music and Kindle Unlimited, while they're very successful and it's a good transition, the units do not count in this unit calculation. So there are some things like that, that maybe obfuscate the numbers a bit but we're really pleased with the retail growth.  We think it's driven by again Prime, the Prime program, the engagement of Prime customers as well as the increased selection, and particularly third-party selection. On operations, if you look at probably the last 18 months, you're going to see a lot of different pace of increase in both infrastructure costs and capital costs, and the addition of fixed cost heads.  We're seeing a lot of our growth areas being fueled by headcount that's moving within the company.  We don't think that that's necessarily the long-term trend but it certainly created a lot of operating efficiencies, and now we'll reset and evaluate where we need to still add people. So I think the first half of the year could be a good test of where our cost structure is, coming off of the investment that leads up to the holiday.  If you look back on infrastructure and fixed headcount that may be made that less pronounced but this year it's a little more apparent.  First, 3Q is typically a heavy fulfillment center build-out period ahead of the holidays, and then lower utilization but obviously your profit outlook is good.  Can you just give us a sense of how you're thinking about FC build out and square footage increases this year? And then, secondly a lot of excitement around the pharmacy opportunity with the acquisition of PillPack. Can you frame some of the strategic rationale there around the acquisition, and how that helps advance your efforts, and how we should think about integration going forward? Thanks.  I'll probably clarify that at the end of next quarter as we head into holiday but if you think back, the last two years, we've added square footage that's exceeded 30% growth, both in 2016 and 2017.  We anticipate it's going to be lower this year as we get some efficiencies off what we've built over the last few years but I don't have a number for you today. I will say that the majority of it is being put in service in the back-end of the year, just like in the last two years but we'll clarify that next quarter.  We expect to close it in the second half of the year, so I'll limit my comments right now but we're excited.  I think the company has a really highly differentiated customer experience, and they've done a great job getting to the size and scale that they're at today.  We think that working together with them we can expand on that in the future.  Recently, we're looking for well-run companies with highly differentiated customer experience, and a real sense of customer obsession that matches ours.  So we think PillPack has got all those traits, and we look forward to the deal closing and working with them.  Yeah, we're very happy with the results we're seeing, and the backlog that we see, and the new contracts and new customers and the expansion of existing customer business that we see.  Again, the business has accelerated the last three quarters, and we're seeing great signs in a number of areas. We've added 800 new services and features so far this year; that's an accelerated pace from last year, which was a record year.  We see customers have migrated more than 80,000 databases using the AWS Database Migration Service.  There are new areas like machine learning, artificial intelligence, Internet of Things, serverless computing and database and analytics are really big.  So we think that when you look at it, why do people come to us? It's essentially set functionality and pace of innovation that we've demonstrated for multiple years. And frankly we have the most proven reliability of security and performance, and we've been at this longer than anyone else.  The operating margin itself will fluctuate quarter to quarter, a very strong performance this quarter.  Obviously, part of that was in the capital leases being flat year over year, and the team's ability to really run the data centers at a higher efficiency.  And I think, the second question was just related to how is Alexa impacting the business, overall.  I think we're having a lot of success with devices and customers are enjoying those. We talked to coming out of Prime Day, had some good success and happy customers enjoying some of the devices there.  So, I think, the focus now is really having a good and exciting roadmap of recent revises and more to come ahead, and getting those into customers' hands.  Just on the AWS point, as you're seeing customers to AWS, you're adding new customers to AWS, can you give us a sense of sort of where you're seeing customers spend focus.  You mentioned database but what other areas you're potentially seeing as customers move up the stack with you and grow? And then, you flagged the flat capital lease growth on a year-over-year basis. In the past when you've talked about the growth in capex and capital lease, you generally referred to trying to grow those numbers or that infrastructure growth overall more or less with the business.  I would say it's just a demonstration of the very tight period where we've still added a lot, I mean, $4. 6 billion is a lot of capital leases but the rate of growth over last year is flat.  So what I would say is, I'm not sure about the breakthrough element of it.  I would say last year in the first half was a pretty large investment area. I'll lump it in with capital expenditures but in the first two quarters, Q1 of last year, it was 82% growth year over year in capital expenditures, Q2 was 67%.  So there's a bit of timing at play here but I think overall, in the longer-term, we certainly work to drive efficiency in both AWS infrastructure capability and also in our warehouse networks.  I don't have on the other piece, on product detail, I don't have anything more for you. I'd count Amazon in that category because on the consumer side of the business, we increasingly see infrastructure savings due to the conversion to AWS resources.  On revenue accounting, can you just sort of walk us through any of the accounting changes that any of the revenue lines had in the current quarter because of the multiple accounting moving pieces? Thanks. Brian Olsavsky -- Chief Financial OfficerYeah, let me give Dave a chance afterward to talk about that piece but I'll start with advertising.  Amazon vendors, sellers, authors as well as third-party advertisers who want to reach Amazon customers.  And they're using our services to achieve their marketing goals, whether that's to drive new brand awareness, discovery or ultimately purchase decisions on our site. Pain points and improvements, I would say, our priorities include improving the usability of our tools for advertisers, helping make smarter recommendations for customers.  Automating, we're doing a lot of work on automating the activities that the advertisers need to do, and continue to invent new products for those advertisers. We also think measurement is going to be important so we're focused on our measurement capabilities, so advertisers understand what outcomes they're driving on our properties.  And we think that we're uniquely positioned to show them the direct benefit of their advertising.  So you remember as part of the adoption beginning in 2018, certainly, the advertising services were classified as revenue rather than the cost of sales.  So that year-over-year growth rate for that line item would have been higher but for that change.  If you go to Whole Foods store or Whole Foods Market 365 store, you see a lot of yellow stickers for 10% discounts on hundreds of sale items.  So Prime members have adopted this benefit, it's one of the fastest rates we've ever seen for a Prime benefit, and they've already saved millions of dollars on everything from seasonal favorites to, as I said, popular daily sales. So in addition, we've expanded grocery delivery to 20 cities so that's picking up steam.  During the Prime Day, we had some unique deals for Prime customers at Whole Foods.  And people had, again the ability to see the benefit that Prime membership saves incremental dollars, because of it at Whole Foods. And the Prime Rewards Visa Card, which gives you 5% off on all purchases has been applied to Whole Foods' purchases as well. So that is the second wave, probably after the first wave where we talked in previous calls about initial price drops, putting lockers in the stores, selling some of the Whole Foods' products on the Amazon site, and other things.  We think it's a big milestone this quarter to launch Prime benefits with Whole Foods, and we'll keep going, we'll see how that develops.  I guess, my comments are that it's in 50 cities worldwide, it's across 9 countries.  We have the delivery services, so AmazonFresh and Prime Now which serve a certain need.  I would say in places like Europe and Japan, we're seeing many of the efficiencies I talked about earlier on the fixed headcount, operations costs, infrastructure costs, and also things like marketing working to be very efficient.  I would also say that, although it's smaller internationally the impact of advertising is starting to show up more and more internationally. It's growing quite quickly just as it is in North America but you're right, we continue to invest.  So we think there's a lot of great innovation that has continued to occur for Indian consumers and sellers, and that will continue but you're also seeing additional expansion.  The Echo Spot in India and Japan, and we announced that we're going to expand Echo and Alexa soon to Italy, Mexico and Spain.  So I would say that we're continuing to frontload Prime benefits in the newer geographies. So that's one of the issues that we see with operating margin but we think it's the right thing to do.  We also like that the on Prime Day, we were able to expand our list of countries that experience Prime Day; this year to Australia, Singapore, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg. We do realize it's a period of investment and we're in different stages of growth in different countries.  Just quickly on Music, as you mentioned, tens of millions of paid customers are enjoying Amazon Music.  When you look at the Amazon Music Unlimited subscription, it continues to grow very quickly.  We've got those offerings in more than 30 countries now and the catalog there's tens of millions of songs, and a lot of rich playlists, personalized stations, those kinds of things.  So that's proven to be a, I think, a good skill for folks to be able to enjoy in addition to a really kind of rich and growing Amazon skill set.  On the new Supreme Court decision, you guys have been collecting state taxes in all 45 states where it's applicable for a 1P.  Have you seen any slowdown to growth in these two states since you began collecting taxes? I think you started maybe last 12 months or so.  So, right now, as you mentioned 45 states that have a state-imposed sales tax, first-party products we do our own collection on that. So Washington State started as of January 1, Pennsylvania as of April 1, and most recently Oklahoma on July 1.  So right now, our emphasis is around expanding the reach of Alexa and the usefulness.  We have a developer network that's expanded and we have over 13,000 smart home devices from 2,500 unique brands. You're seeing things like expansion into the hotel space where we're partnering with hotels to allow you to experience Alexa while you're traveling.  So that's the biggest emphasis, is getting the expansion of Alexa to places where it can be useful.  We also are developing new machine learning tools to help developers more easily build Alexa skills. So I think your original question was about monetization of Alexa but right now the biggest thing we can do is to make it as useful as possible and make devices that can use the skills.  I mean, I can't speculate on what we might do in the future but I'd say today, with Prime Channels, I think, we're really pleased with the growth we're seeing.  We've seen some good channels come online over the last few quarters, and seen some good traction there.  So we'll keep focusing on building out an even better selection because it's clear to us that customers want that option to be able to add that content as part of their Prime memberships.  A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website at least through the end of the quarter.  We appreciate your interest in Amazon and look forward to talking with you again next quarter. Duration: 32 minutesCall Participants:Dave Fildes -- Director of Investor RelationsJustin Post -- Bank of America Merrill Lynch -- AnalystBrian Olsavsky -- Chief Financial OfficerMark Mahaney -- RBC Capital Markets -- AnalystDouglas Anmuth -- J.  While we strive for our Foolish Best, there may be errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in this transcript.  Please see our Terms and Conditions for additional details, including our Obligatory Capitalized Disclaimers of Liability. 10 stocks we like better than AmazonWhen investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen.  After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has quadrupled the market. *David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now.  and Amazon wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. 
For opening remarks, I will be turning the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Shelly Kay Pfeiffer. Shelly Kay Pfeiffer -- Director of Investor RelationsHello and welcome to our Q1 2019 financial results conference call.  Joining us today to answer your questions is Brian Olsavsky, our CFO; and Dave Fildes, Director of Investor Relations.  As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.  Please note, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2018. Our comments and responses to your questions reflect Management's views as of today April 25, 2019 only and will include forward-looking statements.  Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings. Our guidance incorporates the order trends that we've seen to-date and what we believe today to be appropriate assumptions.  Our guidance also assumes among other things that we don't conclude any additional business acquisitions, investments, restructurings or legal settlements.  It's not possible to accurately predict demand for our goods and services and therefore our actual results could differ materially from our guidance.  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from RBC Capital Markets.  I think it's the lowest unit growth I think we've ever seen, but just talk to us a little bit about that.  I know last ex-FX, I know last quarter you talked about some challenges in the India market.  Just give us some color please around that growth rate, how do we think about the sustainability of that? Was that negatively impacted by developments in India? Thanks a lot.  Again, as I mentioned last quarter, this measurement excludes a lot of our fastest growing businesses, things like AWS, advertising, subscription services, which cannibalize the unit calculation, things like Kindle Unlimited and Amazon Music Unlimited.  So India for those of you on the call last quarter, we were just heading into an uncertain period with the PN2 ruling.  We did make some changes to our structure to stay in compliance with all regulations.  But for the full quarter, the impact was minimal and we're in compliance and we're very happy with the progress of the business in India.  Just first Brian, can you just talk about the outperformance in operating income in 1Q? Pretty significant beat there.  Looks like cost of sales and fulfillment, but hoping you can provide some more color.  And then why would the margin be materially lower in Q2 as you're guiding? And then just second on the outlook for revenue in the second quarter on an FX-neutral basis, the higher end implies a nice acceleration.  Headcount growth was 48% in 2016, 38% if you exclude Whole Foods and Souq acquisitions in 2017.  And then financial leases for infrastructure, which are good proxy for our capital investment and infrastructure, after growing 69% in 2017, grew 10%.  So all of those trailing 12-month metrics actually stayed the same or slightly declined in Q1.  We didn't put a lot of new fulfillment center capacity or infrastructure into place, at least compared to Q1 of last year.  But my point from the last call still holds in that, we do expect those growth rates to be higher for all of 2019.  So most of that will happen in the next three quarters and we have that built into the Q2 guidance.  And we also hit the high end of the revenue range, which is always good from efficiency standpoint and the drop through on the higher end of the revenue. So now turning into Q2, I would like to tell you a bit about why that's lower.  So we have -- we're currently working on evolving our Prime free two-day shipping program to be a free one-day shipping program.  We're able to do this because we've spent 20-plus years expanding our fulfillment and logistics network, but this is still a big investment and a lot of work to do ahead of us.  For Q2 guidance, we've included approximately $800 million of incremental spend related to this investment.  And just to clarify to give a little more information, we have been offering obviously faster than two-day shipping for Prime members for years.  So we're going to continue to do to offer same-day and Prime Now selection on accelerated basis, but this is all about the core free two-day offer morphing into -- or evolving into a free one-day offer.  We've, in the past month, significantly expanded our one-day eligible selection and also expanded the number of zip codes eligible for one-day shipping.  It wasn't showing up in Q1, it was minimal in Q2 -- in Q1's results.  It's a significant step and it will take us time to achieve and we want to ensure that we have a good delivery experience for our customers as we evolve the software. And lastly I would say in Q2 as a reminder, each year we -- it's -- Q2 is the time when we grant RSUs to employees and we traditionally see a step up in stock-based compensation expense in Q2.  We do believe that although there's not explicit lift built in for the faster shipping, we have seen good order trends to -- month-to-date and we expect -- we built the Q2 range about -- around what we've seen.  Justin, I would stay, as I said I believe on the last call, we had more people sign up for Prime in 2018 than any other year before.  So we are very happy with the -- not only the absolute membership levels of the Prime program, but also the engagement.  Our engagement in video benefit -- or excuse me, Prime benefits shipping, hours watched on video, hours listened to on music, all of them are trending in the right direction and continue to get more and more sticky.  So while I can't share -- I won't share with you today the Prime -- any Prime -- specific Prime statistics about churn, it does remain a very compelling program.  I think the announcement I just made about morphing to a one-day free shipping offer will make it even more the best deal in retail as we say.  The advertising business saw, what looks like, a little bit of a step down again in Q1 versus Q4.  Q4 was a fairly big step down when you strip out the accounting benefit or the last quarter of the accounting benefit.  We're seeing, as you can see in the operating margin, we're seeing good advertising growth both in North America and also internationally.  While I can't get into some of the questions about ad loads and inventory, I would say really what we're focused on right now is driving relevancy and ensuring that we surface the most useful ads possible.  I think that's going to be the best experience for customers and also for advertisers.  So most of our focus has been on, again, adding more functionality, adding more products and adding reporting for businesses and advertisers, so they can understand the incremental customers they're seeing on Amazon through advertising with Amazon.  So it's more right now about tools and making better recommendations, making it easier to use Amazon demand side platform, things like that, operational improvements.  This -- brand stores that we have are easy to create, customize and we've had great pickup on that from brands for they can show shoppers who they are and tell their story.  So it builds a better engagement for the brand and the customer, it builds better customer loyalty both to that brand and also to Amazon.  And then on the brand side itself, we have new reporting, excuse me, where we're again looking to measure the new to the brand shoppers and what lift they're seeing.  So I would say right now, it's more about efficiency and also performance of the advertisements themselves.  So while other revenue grew 36% and it is principally advertising, advertising grew a bit higher than that. Stephen Ju -- Credit Suisse -- AnalystYou can share in regards to the Prime users' awareness of the availability of stuff from Whole Foods.  Is the order flow coming in from a wide number of users or is the activity coming in from a small, but a very dedicated number of customers? Thanks.  I would say that we're very -- it's widespread and more Prime members have adopted the Whole Foods benefit than almost any other benefit we've offered them and they're saving as a result hundreds of millions of dollars.  We have delivery from 75 -- in 75 US metros through the Prime Now app and we also have pickup in over 30 metros, also through the Prime Now app.  So last quarter, I told you that our growth in store sales including both shopping and also online deliveries was closer to 6% in Q4 and it's a similar number in Q1.  So again, we're very happy with both the Prime adoption of -- or the recognition of the Prime benefits by -- at Whole Foods and also the purchases.  And you may have also noticed that we lowered prices for the third major round of price cuts since we joined forces with Whole Foods in the summer of 2017.  It does sound like as Eric noted that there was a bit more of a slowdown again.  I would imagine it's just simply expanding availability and that that $800 million is largely related to shipping costs.  But I just want to make sure understanding that quickly that the -- this investment rolled out relatively quickly and starts to take effect relatively quickly.  So we do need to build out more one-day capacity along with our transportation partners, but we're moving quickly and we've got a good head start.  There is a certain tranche that we can dial up quickly and we've started to do that and you'll see that very quickly in Q2.  And then stay tuned because we'll be building this -- most of this capacity through the year in 2019.  And then your question about advertising, I wouldn't comment on acceleration or deceleration of growth.  I would just say we're early on in this venture, there's a lot of -- it's having a lot of pickup by both vendors, sellers and also authors.  So again, we feel like if we work on the inputs in this business and continue to grow traffic to the site, we will have a good outcome in the advertising space.  On the shareholder letter, Jeff wrote third-party sellers are kicking our first-party butt and we read through that.  Is this just law of large numbers as time goes by? What is Amazon doing to sort of sustain that growth rate in the third-party marketplace business? And then second question is maybe just quickly on media spend.  Any strategic changes there in terms of library versus originals versus films or TV content? Thanks.  So main goal here is to allow customers to have the broadest selection at the best available price and also the most convenient options on how they receive the item.  If we're delivering on those three elements, we're indifferent as to whether it's sold by us or a third-party.  Any growth acceleration or deceleration that you see can be very much tied to the total sales of the customer that we have the customers in any country.  So you'll still see the percentage of third-party units increased and has been steadily over the last few years.  So again, the sellers are as important to us as anything for servicing the customers' need for price selection and convenience. Dave Fildes -- Head of Investor RelationsAnthony, just real quick, this is Dave on your question around media and probably more particularly the video strategy and what we're investing in.  Lots of very popular critically acclaimed shows have obviously come out, things like Homecoming, Jack Ryan, more recently Hanna or Guava Island and some great titles.  There was -- on the accounting side, we did adopt an accounting standard in January that amended our accounting for how we how we cap produced original video content.  It was -- for Q1, the impact of a change was a decrease of about $130 million to cost of sales due to the capitalization change.  As we go through 2019 though, we would expect the impact to increase in the latter part of the second half of the year in line with our production schedule as it grows throughout the year.  Will it be available to most of the US by the holidays or by the end of the year? And I think you had about 100 million items available for two-day delivery, Prime delivery.  As the one-day program starts, how many SKUs will be available? And would you expect to get the entire 100 million SKUs for one-day at some point? And then second question, just on grocery.  Just curious the appetite for further expansion outside of kind of all the enhancements you're doing with Whole Foods.  So yes, on the one-day free shipping versus the two-day free shipping, our goal is to evolve the two-day ship -- free shipping program into a one-day free shipping program and we're making strides on that.  It got into a little bit about the capacity we have to add and the changes we have to make to our supply chain in order to deliver on that.  And we have -- again, trying to take advantage of the fulfillment capacity and transportation capacity, especially with third-party partners that we have.  And then we'll just have to see what changes have to be made to get more and more selection into that one-day category. Dave Fildes -- Head of Investor RelationsAnd then, this is Dave again, just on the grocery side of it.  As you mentioned, Brian talked a bit about the Whole Foods Market growth over 500 stores, 75 metros with delivery capability, so continuing to grow that out.  Amazon Fresh, Prime Now which offers grocery as one of the components of the selection there for the two-hour or even one-hour delivery capabilities.  I mean -- and then in other initiatives as well, where we can get food through Pantry, Go, there's a number of initiatives there.  So excited about what we'll be able to continue to bring to customers on that space.  Should we expect that to rely mostly on USPS, UPS or other shipping services or you're really going to try to build out more of your Amazon owned and operated shipping? And on the numbers, $800 million for the quarter.  How should we think about that ramping into the back half of the year? Thanks.  So outside of the ramp, I would say that the $800 million is what I have for you today.  We will see where we stand at the end of the quarter and I'll give you insight as to what we just saw and what our outlook is for future quarters at that time. I would like to -- as I don't want to run out of time here, so I'm going to ask a question for myself about AWS because I want to get some information to you.  We're now over $30 billion annualized run rate, 42% FX-neutral growth and $2 billion more of revenue this Q1 versus last Q1.  The operating margin has also expanded in that time period by 320 basis points as a result of a lot of the good work on infrastructure and efficiencies that I talked about earlier in the call.  This is against the backdrop of very large expansion of our tech teams and our sales teams that support this business.  I'm particularly happy about the Volkswagen alliance that we've joined up with them to power their Volkswagen Industrial Cloud.  That's going to integrate more than 30,000 facilities and 1,500 suppliers and partners in Volkswagen's global supply chain over time.  We have deals going with Ford on powering the cars of the future, Lyft, GoGo, a lot of really good customer wins in the quarter.  And I think just more broadly, we're seeing continued momentum in enterprise migrations to AWS and people are moving their workloads to AWS at a faster pace.  The growth clearly impressive, but we did see I think sequentially, and I apologize I'm not in front of the model, but I think the growth was somewhere 3%, 4% sequentially.  Just wondered if there's anything that you'd call out there, pricing or any other factors that you could call out that may have contributed to that? And apologize, but another one-day shipping question here.  In terms of the $800 million, just curious where that gets you to in terms of coverage of zip codes and SKUs? I assume right now this is a project that's in the US.  Where that gets you from a coverage standpoint? And is this something that you expect to be a near to medium-term priority in some of your other developed markets, like the UK, Germany, et cetera? Thanks.  Most of the spend that we are seeing in Q2 is starting in North America, but this is intended to be a global improvement in speed tied to our Prime program.  I can't give you exact percentages of selection and all that, mainly because we are still again working through that.  And we've -- while we have ratcheted up a significant -- we turned the dial significantly in April and so we'll see the cost impact almost immediately in the quarter.  We're really going to have to see how it goes this quarter, both on our pace of selection addition and expansion of one-day and let you know probably at the end of the quarter.  I would say in the short run, it's also expanding and increasing our speed on all of our orders quite frankly.  On AWS revenue, let me just remind you that quarterly growth last year on an FX-neutral basis.  So in the first half of the year, we have a tougher comp, if you will, versus some strong growth in the first half of last year.  It's not only dependent on us, it's also dependent on the companies that are adopting Amazon, so there's -- or excuse me, AWS.  So there's a -- differences in sales cycles, there's differences in adoption of the cloud, there's differences in migration patterns that will make any quarter-to-quarter movements lumpy, as I said.  So we're happy with the growth, 42% on an FX-neutral basis and again a $30 billion -- greater than $30 billion annualized run rate.  We saw CapEx spending and investment in capital leases decelerate to the lowest rate that it's been in several years, maybe even the lowest rate ever.  And you guys have said in the past that generally CapEx sort of tracks your investing at the level of growth that you expect.  No, I would say, A, we're not expecting diminished returns in any of our businesses or growth rates, nor are we restraining the business or constraining the businesses in any way with our capital.  I would point you back again to the investments that we made in 2016 and 2017.  So we did front-load a lot of the investment both in fulfillment centers and also infrastructure, but more than that, it's more than kind of bleeding through excess capacity.  We have some really, really impressive gains and efficiencies in both the warehouses and also the data centers.  We talk efficiency and every percentage utilization in our data centers is worth tens and more millions of dollars.  So again, that's a big part of our model, it is not only investing, but also working on efficiencies, adding new products and features for customers.  And as we lower costs, we pass those along to customers, either through new rates or new deals that we have.  Moving forward, that's why I say it will be increasing as we move through the year and that will be a constant battle between, again, growth, geographic expansion in AWS and also efficiencies to limit how much we actually need.  I think we're also getting much better at adding capacity faster, so there's less need to build it 6 to 12 months in advance, I would say.  Although, we did just launch our Hong Kong region today as well, I want to point that out.  The business in China is going really well and we continue to see strong growth there.  And launching the Hong Kong region is -- gets us to a footprint of 19 cities in China.  Brian, I would say it's as simple as price selection and convenience, which is the mantra that we talk about quite often.  By going to one-day increases the convenience and it increases the available selection into the consideration set.  Although, we have many items that are available in one to two hours and also same-day, the vast majority of our selection is available to you in two days.  So we've been experimenting on a lot of different formats as you know, two-day, one-day, same-day, two-hour, stores, there's all types of points of being there for the customer when they need us at different points in their consideration set.  So we really think it's going to be groundbreaking for Prime customers and we're very excited to add this capability.  And again, part of this is -- we have the capability because we've been at this for over 20 years and continue to invest in our fulfillment capacity, our logistics capacity and also fine-tune it.  Just briefly on healthcare, I mean, it -- that term can touch upon any number of different parts of our businesses.  Of course, we've talked in the past about how Amazon Business serves many other companies, including the healthcare industry and providing them some great selection and fast delivery is part of that -- the business program there.  So -- and that continues to do well and it's a focus of Amazon Business among other verticals there that they serve.  PillPack, we're probably around six months or so in since that acquisition closed and continuing to support them in their mission and learn from them certainly.  So no real update on that, but excited about the potential there to be sure.  A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website, at least through the end of the quarter.  We appreciate your interest in Amazon and look forward to talking with you again next quarter. Duration: 37 minutesCall participants:Shelly Kay Pfeiffer -- Director of Investor RelationsMark Mahaney -- RBC Capital Markets -- AnalystBrian T.  While we strive for our Foolish Best, there may be errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in this transcript.  Please see our Terms and Conditions for additional details, including our Obligatory Capitalized Disclaimers of Liability. 

Prepared Remarks:OperatorGood day, and welcome to the Apple Incorporated Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call.  At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations.  Speaking first, is Apple CEO, Tim Cook, and he'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes, capital allocation, and future business outlook. For more information, please refer to the Risk Factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the Associated Press release.  Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates.  In my letter to investors at the beginning of January, I wrote that one of the Apple's great strengths is our culture of flexibility, adaptability and creativity.  This quarter featured some important announcements that speak to the power of our commitment to innovation and long-term thinking.  I'd like to start with some top-line highlights and then move into greater detail with you.  We see this result as a positive outcome in light of ongoing headwinds from weaker foreign currencies relative to the US dollar.  In constant currency, our year-over-year revenue performance would have been 200 basis points better than our reported results indicate.  We had a blockbuster quarter for iPad, with revenue up 22% from a year ago; this is our highest iPad revenue growth rate in six years.  This business is now about the size of a Fortune 200 company, an amazing statistic when you consider it's only been four years since we delivered the very first Apple Watch. While we grew year-over-year and developed markets and while we had record March quarter results in a number of major markets, including the United States, Canada, United Kingdom and Japan, we did experience a revenue decline in emerging markets.  Our App Store results are still reflecting the impact of the slowdown in regulatory approval and gaming apps in China, but we are encouraged by the recent increase in the pace of approvals.  Thanks to our robust ecosystem, our talented developer community and the country's growing population of tech savvy consumers who value the very best products and services. For iPhone, while our worldwide revenue was down 17% from a year ago, declines were significantly smaller in the final weeks of the March quarter.  Looking back at the past five months, November and December were the most challenging, so this is an encouraging trend.  We like the direction we're headed with iPhone and our goal now is to pick up the pace.  Importantly, our active installed base of devices continues to grow in each of our geographic segments and set a new all-time record for all major product categories.  That growing installed base is a reflection of the satisfaction and loyalty of our customers and it's driving our Services business to new heights.  In fact, we had our best quarter ever for the App Store, Apple Music, cloud services and our App Store search ad business and we set new March quarter revenue records for AppleCare and Apple Pay.  Apple Pay transaction volume more than doubled year-over-year and we're on track to reach 10 billion transactions this calendar year.  Apple Pay is now available in 30 markets and we expect to be live in 40 markets by the end of the year.  More and more transit systems are accepting Apple Pay and New York's MTA system will begin the rollout in early summer.  As we've seen in places like London, Tokyo and Shanghai contactless entry into transit systems helps to spur broader Apple Pay adoption and we believe this will get even more people using Apple Pay in the United States.  We reached a new high of over 390 million paid subscriptions at the end of March, an increase of 30 million in the last quarter alone.  In March, we previewed a game-changing array of new services, each of them rooted in principles that are fundamentally Apple.  They're easy to use, they feature unmatched attention to detail, they put a premium on user privacy and security.  These features aren't just nice to have, they actually help to eliminate the boundary between hardware, software and service creating a singularly exceptional experience for our users. First, building on the great momentum of Apple News, which is already the number one news app in the United States and the United Kingdom, we launched Apple News+.  It will bring together over 30 popular magazines, leading newspapers and digital publishers into a beautiful, convenient and curated experience within the Apple News app.  Apple News+ builds on our commitment to supporting quality journalism from trusted sources, while providing the best magazine and news reading experience ever for mobile devices. Advancing our vision to replace the wallet, we announced Apple Card, built on principles Apple stands for like transparency, simplicity and privacy.  Apple Card is integrated into the wallet app and delivers all new experiences that only Apple can provide integrating our hardware, software and services in an elegant solution that places the customer at the center.  It's the first card to encourage you to pay less interest, eliminate fees and give you daily cash on all your purchases and customer interest to date has been terrific. We also previewed Apple Arcade, the world's first game subscription service for mobile, desktop and the living room.  Beginning in mid-May, the all new Apple TV app will bring together the different ways to discover and watch shows, movies, sports news and more in one app across iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, smart TVs and streaming devices.  And users can subscribe to and watch new Apple TV channels like HBO, Showtime and Stars paying only for services they want, all on demand available on and offline.  And coming this fall, Apple TV+ will be the new home for the world's most creative story tellers, featuring exclusive original shows, movies and documentaries.  We'd launched a new more powerful iMac with dramatic increases in both compute and graphics performance, making it a great update for consumers in Pros alive.  For our Mac business overall, we faced some processor constraints in the March quarter, leading to a 5% revenue decline compared to last year.  But we believe that our Mac revenue would have been up compared to last year without those constraints and don't believe this challenge will have a significant impact on our Q3 results. For iPad, we were very happy to return to growth in Greater China, while generating strong double-digit growth in each of our other geographic segments.  Late in the quarter, we launched in all new iPad Air with an ultra-thin design, Apple Pencil support and high-end performance powered by Apple's A12 Bionic chip.  In addition, we introduced a new iPad Mini, a major upgrade for iPad fans who love an ultra-portable design and like the new iPad Air it delivers the power of the A12 Bionic and support for Apple Pencil. Last month, we introduced new AirPods, the second generation of the world's most popular wireless headphones and demand has been incredible.  With the new Apple design H1 chip, the new AirPods deliver faster connect times, more talk time and the convenience of hands-free Hey Siri.  As part of this initiative, we've rolled out new trade-in and financing programs in the US, China, the UK, Spain, Italy and Australia.  Across our stores, we had an all-time record response to our trade-in programs and with more than four times the trade-in volume of our March quarter a year ago. With each passing quarter, we are more inspired by the impact our products are having on people's fitness and health.  This quarter, we brought the ECG app on Apple Watch Series 4 to Hong Kong and 19 European countries, including France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the UK.  We believe we're really just beginning to tap into what we can do to help our users actively manage their health and wellbeing.  For example, last month, Stanford Medicine reported results of the Apple Heart Study, the largest study ever of its kind, which enrolled over 400,000 participants from all 50 states in a span of only eight months.  And hundreds of institutions are now supporting health records on iPhone with recent additions including Michigan Medicine and UT Health Austin.  In February, we announced that we are working with the US Department of Veterans Affairs to make health records on iPhone available to veterans.  This will be the first record sharing platform of its kind available to the VA, which is the largest medical system in the US providing service to more than 9 million veterans across more than 1,200 facilities. Apple's innovation extends beyond the impact we have in the lives of our customers to the impact we leave on the world around us.  We've recently marked Earth Day with several major announcements about our efforts to leave the world better than we founded. 5 billion green bond proceeds across 40 environmental initiatives around the world to projects ranging from solar power generation to water conservation, to development of custom alloys for our products made from 100% recycled aluminum.  We've announced a major expansion of our recycling programs including quadrupling the number of locations where US customers can send their iPhones to be disassembled by Daisy, our recycling robot. 2 million devices per year, allowing recovered materials to be recycled into the manufacturing process.  And we partnered with a record number of our suppliers to follow our lead and transition to 100% clean energy.  With the help of these 44 suppliers, we will exceed our goal of bringing 4 gigawatts of renewable energy into our supply chain by 2020 with over 1 additional gigawatt projected within that time frame.  In the last calendar year alone, the partners that have joined this effort have generated enough clean energy to power over 600,000 homes in the United States.  We are very proud of the progress that we and our partners are making and hope our actions will inspire other businesses to do what they can to protect the world that we share. We are in the fortunate position of generating more cash than we need to run our business and it does confidently in our future.  So today we're announcing the latest update to our capital return program including an increase to our share repurchase authorization and our quarterly dividend.  For more details on that and our March quarter results, I'll turn the call over to Luca.  Revenue in the March quarter was $58 billion, near the high end of the guidance range that we provided 90 days ago, and down 5% from last year.  Our revenue decline reflects 200 basis points of negative foreign exchange due to the strength of the US dollar.  Overall products revenue declined 9% driven primarily by iPhone, while Services revenue grew 16% to a new all-time record.  We also set a new March quarter record for wearables, home and accessories, and we recorded our best iPad growth rate in six years. 2%, down about 310 basis points sequentially due to the seasonal loss of leverage and headwinds from foreign exchange. 8%, up 100 basis points sequentially due to a different mix and leverage from higher revenue. Let me provide in more color for our various revenue categories; iPhone revenue was $31.  Our active installed base of iPhone reached a new all-time high at the end of March.  The latest survey of US consumers from 451 Research indicates customer satisfaction of 99% for iPhone XR, XS and XS Max combined.  And among business buyers who plan to purchase smartphones in the June quarter, 81% plan to purchase iPhones.  We generated double-digit revenue growth across the App Store, Apple Music, cloud services, AppleCare, Apple Pay and our App Store search ad business.  As you can see from our new disclosures, Services accounted for 20% of our March quarter revenue and about one-third of our gross profit dollars.  The number of transacting accounts on our digital content stores reached another new all-time high during the quarter with the number of paid accounts also setting a new all-time record and growing by strong double digits over last year.  And we now have over 390 million paid subscriptions across our Services portfolio, an increase of 120 million versus just 12 months ago.  All subscription categories are growing strong double digits, and as we mentioned a quarter ago, we expect the number of paid subscriptions to surpass 0.  On the App Store, our subscription business is extremely diversified and is growing strongly around the world.  In fact, the number of paid third-party subscriptions increased by over 40% compared to last year in each of our geographic segments. 8 billion a year ago, with the decline driven primarily by processor constraints on certain popular models.  In spite of this challenge, we generated double-digit Mac revenue growth in Japan and Korea, setting new all-time Mac revenue records in both markets.  On a global basis, nearly half of the customers purchasing Macs during the quarter were new to Mac.  iPad revenue grew in all five of our geographic segments with a return to growth in Greater China and strong double-digit growth in all other segments.  We had our best March quarter ever for iPad in Japan and we were especially pleased by performance in Korea, Thailand and Mexico where revenue more than doubled over last year.  In total, over half of the customers purchasing iPads during the March quarter were new to iPad and the iPad active installed base also reached a new all-time high.  iPad revenue growth has been fueled primarily by the great customer response to our new iPad Pro.  The most recent surveys from 451 Research measured a 93% customer satisfaction rating for iPad overall.  Among customers who plan to purchase tablets, 77% of consumers and 75% of businesses plan to purchase iPads. 1 billion, fueled primarily by the strong performance of our wearables business, which grew close to 50%.  Within this category Apple Watch is the best-selling and most loved smart watch in the world and produces best results ever for a non-holiday quarter.  It's reaching many new customers with three-quarters of purchases going to customers who have never owned an Apple Watch before.  Interest in AirPods has been off the charts and we're working hard to catch up with incredible customer demand. Turning to our retail and online stores, we generated very strong double-digit revenue growth from Apple Watch and iPad.  We also announced 50 new Today at Apple sessions during the quarter in three new and expanded formats; Skills, Walks and Labs, free at our stores around the world.  We're building on Apple's leading position in key functional areas to expand our reach and share within large accounts.  Across 450 airlines, iPad is overwhelmingly the preferred solutions for the pilots' electronic flight bag.  We've been making great progress expanding the Apple's footprint beyond the cockpit into the cabin.  We are more than half of the top 50 airlines have now implemented iOS to enhance the guest experience, as well as enable a new use case with mobile point of sale.  We are also seeing traction with other mission critical airline functions in ground operations and flight maintenance.  For example, one of the largest airlines in the world tells us that the adoption of iPad has kept maintenance delays in half.  Apple services are also making their way on board including growing adoption of Apple Pay for food and beverage purchases and in-flight access to Apple Music. We're also seeing significant iOS traction with large enterprise platforms, which are the face of complex backend systems to tens of millions of employees around the world.  The end user employee experience is vital to engagement and productivity and with the increase in mobility of today's modern workforce, those experiences are best on native iOS applications.  We see great momentum through the growing number of iOS SDKs being delivered by the world's largest enterprise platforms.  For instance, SAP's SDK for iOS continues to gain strong traction with their customers growing by more than 40% in the last six months.  And this past quarter, Salesforce released its SDK enabling developers to build native iOS applications directly on top of the Salesforce platform.  This extension to our ongoing collaboration with AT&T will make it easy for more customers to choose the best Apple products for their needs in the enterprise and modernize their business.  AT&T will enable business services for Apple products to companies with their IT strategy, including device management, security, productivity and collaboration.  We also had $101 billion in term debt and $12 billion in commercial paper outstanding, for a net cash position of almost $113 billion.  As a result, we are in a very strong position that allows us to invest confidently in all areas of the business, while continuing to return value to our shareholders.  Just last year, we announced a commitment to contribute more than $350 billion to the US economy over the next five years, including the creation of 20,000 jobs.  More recently, we've announced a major expansion in Austin, Texas and in other cities across the country.  All these efforts are essential investments to make sure that we're incorporating innovative ideas and top talent wherever they emerge.  As we execute those initiatives, we are also able to return over $27 billion to investors during the March quarter.  We began a $12 billion accelerated share repurchase program in February, resulting in the initial delivery and retirement of 55. 7 million Apple shares for $12 billion through open market transactions and we paid $3.  Most importantly, we always want to maintain the cash we need to run our business, maintain strategic flexibility and invest in our future.  We are well on our way toward meeting the investment projections we laid out early last year.  We also want to work toward a more optimal capital structure, and as we said before, it is our plan to reach a net cash neutral position over time.  We paid over $14 billion in dividends and equivalents over the last four quarters alone, making us one of the largest dividend payers in the world. As we move ahead into the June quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes the types of forward-looking information that Nancy referred to at the beginning of the call.  Also as a reminder, in the June quarter last year, our Services revenue included a favorable $236 million one-time item in connection with the final resolution of various lawsuits.  We expect OI&E to be about $250 million and we expect the tax rate to be about 16. Also reflecting the approved increase, today our Board of Directors has declared the cash dividend of $0. 77 per share of common stock payable on May 16, 2019, to shareholders of record as of May 15, 2019.  Tim, can you talk a bit more about what you're seeing in China? Clearly, it looks like things are improving sequentially.  You also mentioned that last few weeks of the quarter we're stabilizing in emerging markets, I believe.  So, what are our customers saying there and what are your partners saying in China? And then I have a follow-up.  We are seeing -- in the iPhone space, we saw a better year-over-year performance in the last weeks of the quarter as compared to the full quarter or November and December, which was sort of appears to be the trough.  One, we made some price adjustments essentially backing out the weaker currency effect and been some.  There is stimulus programs that the government has executed including -- and this happened in early April, VAT being reduced from 16% to 13%.  Three, our trade-in and financing programs that we've implemented in our retail stores have been very well received there, and I'm happy with the results to-date there.  And then four, there an improved trade dialog between the US and China, and from our point of view, this has affected consumer confidence on the ground there in a positive way.  And so I think it's a set of all of these things and we certainly feel a lot better than we did 90 days ago.  And we are glad to put the litigation behind us and all the litigation around the world has been dismissed and it's settled.  We are very happy to have a multi-year supply agreement and we are happy that we have a direct license arrangement with Qualcomm, which was I know important for both companies.  Can we have the next question please?OperatorThe next question will come from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.  Tim, you talked about China responding well to the pricing actions that you've taken in that market.  So we tried to learn the best we can and fold that into our thinking and we will obviously do that with this as well.  How much of that incremental is going in to support the new services that you're planning to launch later in the year?Luca Maestri -- Senior Vice President and Chief Financial OfficerYes.  Of course, we are supporting both our products and services business, and you can see the trajectory of our OpEx over the different quarters.  Clearly, as we add new services, we will need to make the necessary investments to support them.  In total, it is accretive to company gross margins; you've seen the latest we running Services margins at over 60%.  Can we have the next question please?OperatorThe next question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.  Luca, if I look back over the past five years, June quarter revenue typically declines about 15% from the March quarter.  At the product category level, we expect that we will continue to have strong revenue growth from the non-iPhone categories, as we've had for the first half of our fiscal year.  We are also expecting a relative improvement in our iPhone performance on a year-over-year basis in Q3 versus the first half.  As Tim said, March was the strongest month of the quarter on a year-over-year basis and so this has given the confidence to provide the guidance that you've seen.  Geographically, of course, as you've seen from our results for the March quarter, China is the geo where we found some challenges, but we believe the trajectory should improve over time.  This is one that I'm going to largely punt on as you would probably guess.  We look at a lot of things on different technologies and try to look at and select the right time that things come together and get those under products as soon as we can.  And certainly, from a cost point of view, there has been the -- technologies have had cost pressure over the last couple of years or so.  On the flip side of that, there's a number of things in the commodity markets going in the other direction at the moment, like DRAM and NAND and so it's difficult to project what happens next.  But it's the aggregate of all of that really matters from a price point of view.  A topic that's probably split or shared by both Tim and Luca on a response, but I'll ask the question and you can decide how to divide it up.  In your opening remarks, Tim, you mentioned about pricing adjustments that you made in some of the markets and then Luca talked also about the strength of the trade-in program or maybe was Tim also.  Can you help us understand about what type of lessons or elasticity you've learned about pricing and the trade-in programs of how it impacts like revenues and COGS and margins and things? Thank you.  And I mentioned four things that I believe are responsible for the better year-over-year performance in the Q2 relative to Q1, and also the final weeks of March being better than the Q2 average.  Those four are the price reductions, but -- that's one of them, but there are three others and one of the others is the trade-in and financing programs that we instituted in our retail stores.  Clearly, what we've learned here and it's not a surprise really is that, many, many people do want to trade-in their current phone.  And so it's a little different in each market in terms of what the elasticity is, but you can bet that we are learning quickly on all of those. The other two items that are not insignificant in China that I don't want to lose here is that the stimulus programs, I believe, are having an effect on the consumer.  The one that got the most visibility and that happened in early April was the VAT reduction from 16% to 13%.  So it's a very aggressive move, but there are other stimulus programs as well that likely have an effect at the consumer level.  And then finally, and this is not to be under weighted either, I think the improved trade dialog between the countries effects consumer confidence in a positive way. Tim Cook -- Chief Executive OfficerWe are -- Actually, the product that's being traded in is all over the place, to be honest.  It's 6, 6 Plus, 6S, 6S Plus, 7, 7 Plus and then fewer 8 and 8 Plus.  But there is some of each of those and so you get customers that are on the two-year cycle and customers -- and some customers on the one-year cycle and then customers as well on the three- and four-year cycles.  In terms of the incentives, we are offering currently in our retail stores a trade-in value that is more than the sort of the blue book of the device, if you will, for lack of better description.  And so we have topped those up to provide in an extra benefit to the user.  I would say that at the moment the geography that is doing the best in installments would be China.  And we have a bit of a unique offering there, I think, versus what you can get in the regular market and so that probably further helps there.  And so you can bet that we're learning on each of these finding the parts that the user likes the most. Luca Maestri -- Senior Vice President and Chief Financial OfficerAs Tim has explained, we've reached this a comprehensive agreement with Qualcomm.  As part of this, we have agreed that we're not going to share the financial terms of the agreements, so we plan to honor that.  What you see in our gross margin guidance for the June quarter, we guided 37% to 38% fully comprehends the outcome of the agreement with Qualcomm.  Could we have the next question please?OperatorMike Olson from Piper Jaffray has our next question. 4 billion active devices at your event you announced services that leverage that installed base and you have obviously a remarkable position with kind of this Trojan horse of devices out in so many households.  I wouldn't want to get into announcing things in the call, but obviously we're always working on new things.  And -- but we are -- right now, we're really focused on getting these four out there.  We have the News+ in the market today, we'll have the Apple Arcade and the Apple TV+ products in the market in the fall and Apple Card will go out in the summer time frame.  And so we've got a lots in front of us and we're very excited about getting these out there.  And then you mentioned the App Store search ad business a couple of times in the prepared remarks.  We are expanding into new geographies as well and we still have more geographies out there that we think can move the dial further.  So it is a -- it's definitely a business that is big and getting bigger.  Could we have the next question please?OperatorOur next question comes from Louis Miscioscia with Daiwa Capital Markets. Tim Cook -- Chief Executive OfficerWe're going to wait till we get these things out.  And what I can tell you right now is that the -- we're taking sort of consumer interest on the Apple Card and there's been a significant level of interest on that and we're excited.  And it serves it with a different kind of game, which we think will be great for developers and great for users.  The TV+ product plays in a market where there's a huge move from the cable bundle to over-the-top.  And we're going to do our best to convince them that the Apple TV+ product should be one of them.  And then, we're working very hard to get everyone to give Apple News+ a look because we think it's a very unique product.  And so, we're working very hard to -- at the -- but at the very beginning of the ramp there. Tim Cook -- Chief Executive OfficerI think India is a very important market in the long-term.  We have started manufacturing there, which is very important to be able to serve the market in a reasonable way.  And so, we plan on going in there with sort of all of our might.  We've opened a developer, accelerator there, which we're very happy with some of the things coming out of there.  It doesn't bother me that it's primarily an Android business at the moment because that just means there's a lot of opportunity there.  A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts, as a webcast on apple.  Members of the press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414 and financial analysts can contact Matt Blake or me with additional questions.  While we strive for our Foolish Best, there may be errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in this transcript.  Please see our Terms and Conditions for additional details, including our Obligatory Capitalized Disclaimers of Liability. 
